the groundwater. Based on these measurements, a gradient in chlordic acid pollution was observed (Figure 1). In March 2013, 24 4-m long hybrid polar cuttings of the Grimminge cultivar [Populus deltoides \(\times\) (Populus trichoarpa \(\times\) Populus deltoides)] were planted on the field for future phytoremediation purposes. The trees were distributed over a defined rectangular grid of \(10 \mathrm{~m}\) by \(35 \mathrm{~m}\), enclosing the area with the highest concentrations of chlorendic acid in the groundwater \(\left(\sim 100 \mathrm{mg}\right.\) \(\left.\mathrm{I}^{-1}\right)\) (Figure 1). In 2015, samples for isolation of cultivar and chlorendic acid in the water, the water is used to increase the concentration of common bent and hybrid polar. Four soil samples were taken in a 1-m perimeter around observation wells OW175-4 and OW149-4 (Figure 1), from surface soil, \(-1,-1.5\), and \(-2 \mathrm{~m}\). Common bent rhizosphere and roots were sampled inside the 1 - \(\mathrm{m}\) perimeter around each of the observation wells. Popular rhizosphere and root samples were taken from three trees growing in the zones with high concentrations of chlorendic acid (Figure 1). From each tree, four sample repetitions were taken. In total, 32 soil samples were collected \((4 \times 4 \mathrm{depths} \times 2\) locations), 8 bentgrass root and rhizosphere samples \((4 \times 2\) locations) and 12 polar rhizosphere and root samples \((4 \times 3\) trees). Soil samples were taken with sterile tools and transported in sterile bags. Roots were collected with soil particles still adhering to the surface, which was considered the rhizosphere fraction. For polar, the tertiary fine roots were selected. Roots with adhering rhizosphere fraction were obtained with sterile tools and directly transferred into falon tubes with \(30 \mathrm{ml}\) sterile \(10 \mathrm{mM} \mathrm{MgSO}_{4}\).
\section*{Isolation of Bacteria and Fungi}
Soil samples were homogenized and vortexed in sterile \(10 \mathrm{mM}\) \(\mathrm{MgSO}_{4}\) prior to isolations. Root and rhizosphere samples were vortexed after which the roots were removed from the \(\mathrm{MgSO}_{4}\). The resulting soil pellet after centrifugation \(\left(15 \mathrm{~min}, 2700 \mathrm{~g}\right.\) constituted the rhizosphere fraction. Popular roots were surface sterilized by immersing them for \(5 \mathrm{~min}\) in \(1 \% \mathrm{NaClO}\) and bunchgrass roots were sterilized with \(0.1 \% \mathrm{NaClO}\) supplemented with \(0.1 \%\) Tween. Following treatment, all roots were rinsed four times in sterile distilled water. The last rinsing solution was plated on 869 medium (Mergeay et al., 1985) to confirm surface sterility by scoring microbial growth after 7 days of incubation at \(30^{\circ} \mathrm{C}\). The surface sterilized roots were assembled in \(15 \mathrm{ml}\) sterile \(10 \mathrm{mM} \mathrm{MGSO}_{4}\) and mixed for \(1 \mathrm{~min}\) using a Polytron PR1200 mixer (Kinematica A6).
The results of the results, dilutions up to \(10^{-4}\) of the soil, rhizosphere and endophytic root solutions were plated onto peptone-glucose-acid-agar medium \(\mathrm{pH}\) 5, as described by Dietrich and Lamar (1990), and incubated for 7 days at \(23^{\circ} \mathrm{C}\). After incubation, all fungal mycelia were selected, purified and stored on solid malt extract [2\% (w/v)]-peptone \([0.3 \%(\mathrm{w} / \mathrm{v})]\) medium \(\mathrm{pH} 5\) at \(4^{\circ} \mathrm{C}\).
For bacteria isolation, dilutions of the soil samples were added to a selective minimal medium (Sebastian et al., 1996) supplemented with \(25 \mathrm{mg} \mathrm{l}^{-1}\) chlorendic acid as sole carbon source, or with \(3 \mathrm{~mM}\) glucose in addition to chlorendic acid. Every 10 days, \(10 \mathrm{ml}\) of the culture was transferred into \(90 \mathrm{ml}\) of fresh medium with a slightly higher concentration of chlorendic acid, ultimately leading to \(60 \mathrm{mg} \mathrm{l}^{-1}\) chlorendic acid after 3 months of incubation at \(30^{\circ} \mathrm{C}\) and \(120 \mathrm{rpm}\). At the end of the experiment, chlorendic acid concentrations were determined using High Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC). The surviving bacterial strains were purified and stored in a glycerol solution [15\% (wv) glycerol; \(0.85 \%\) (wv) NaCl] at \(-40^{\circ} \mathrm{C}\).
\section*{Identification of Isolated Bacteria and Fungi}
\section*{DNA was extracted from bacterial isolates using the DNeasy \({ }^{\circledR}\) Blood and Tissue kit (Qiagen, Venlo, Netherlands) and from fungal isolates using the DNeasy \({ }^{\circledR}\) PowerSoil \({ }^{\circledR}\) kit (Qiagen,}

FIGURE 1 [Schematic overview of the sampling site and sampling locations. Soil samples (surface soil, \(-1,-1.5\), and \(-2 \mathrm{~mm}\) ) and samples of root and rhizosphere of grass were taken in an area of one meter around OW149-4 and OW175-4 (n = 4). Root and rhizosphere samples of polar were taken of the trees growing closest to the two observation wells, with four repetitions for each tree.