gene expression between samples was calculated through the inclusion of a cDNA dilution series of a reference sample, amplified with each primer set separately. In order to account for RNA loading differences between samples, the measured gene expression was normalized against \(\beta\)-actin expression. The \(t\)-test was used to assign statistical significance.
\(\mathrm{NF}-\kappa \mathrm{B}\) reporter system
The ability of DCA to activate NF- \(\kappa \mathrm{B}\) was investigated using a luciferase assay. The results of the luciferase gene was under the control of a NF- \(\kappa \mathrm{B}\) dependent promoter (Stratgenae, Cambridge, UK). In short, the OE33 cells were seeded in replicate into 6 well tissue culture flasks and the NF- \(\kappa \mathrm{B}\) luciferase plasmid was transfected into them using the genejammer transactivator (NCP) and the NCP. The results showed that the NCP was quantified by the acquired positive control for NF- \(\kappa \mathrm{B}\) activity. The cells were then either exposed to DCA for varying periods of time \((0-4 \mathrm{~h})\) or remained untreated. The cells were then incubated with the NCP. The cells were incubated with 244600000000000000000000 000000000000000000050000000000000000000
mediated to release the luciferase enzyme and the subsequent luciferase expression was quantified with the Bright-Glo luciferase assay system (Promega, Southampton, UK). Resulting luminescence was measured using a luminometer (Arthos Labecht Instruments, Salzburg, Austria). Fold increases were calculated based on the background luminescence of the untreated cells to be measured set up for each time point analyt. The \(t\)-test was used to evaluate differences between the triplicate readings from treated and untreated cells.
\section*{Results}
DCA specifically switches on IкB and IL-8
RNA extracted from untreated OE33 cells and OE33 cells treated for \(24 \mathrm{~h}\) with \(300 \mu \mathrm{M}\) DCA at \(\mathrm{pH} 7\), was analysed using five different pathway specific membrane arrays. By far the most prominent of the DCA induced gene expression changes were the switching on of IкB and IL-8. As IкB and IL-8 are transcriptional targets of NF- \(\kappa \mathrm{B}\), this suggests activation of NF- \(\kappa \mathrm{B}\) by DCA (as is demonstrated below). As shown in Figure 2, using a cancer pathway array and a signal transduction array, both IкB and IL-8 are substantially up-regulated \(24 \mathrm{~h}\) after DCA treatment. Figure 2 also shows a number of other changes in gene expression \(24 \mathrm{~h}\) after DCA treatment (mostly up-regulation), these (and other changes noted from other arrays) are documented in Table I.

Fig. 2. Membrane array analysis of DCA treated OE33 cells, \(24 \mathrm{~h}\) post-exposure. (a) Cancer pathway arrays were used to study gene expression abnormalities induced by \(300 \mu \mathrm{M}\) DCA relative to untreated OE33 cells. These example arrays show the up-regulation of the IкB and IL-8 genes by DCA. (b) Two example signal transduction arrays are shown; those hybridized with cDNA from untreated OE33 cells and cDNA from OE33 cells \(24 \mathrm{~h}\) after DCA exposure.
A number of other genes are up-regulated by DCA, particularly evident in the cancer pathway array in (a). These genes (and others) are identified in Table I.