\section*{H. S. White et al.}

Pentylenetetrazol-induced seizure test
Rank order for relative potencies of the intraperitoneal administration of AEDs in the pentylenetetrazol-induced diclon seizure test in mice was phenobarbital > rufinamide >> valproa te ethosuimide >> phenytoin (Table 1). Phenytoin was ineffective up to a dose of \(300 \mathrm{mg} / \mathrm{kg}\). In slight contrast, the rank order for relative anticonvulsant potency in this test with oral administration in mice was phenobarbital > rufinamide > ethosuximide >> valproate >> phenytoin (Table 2).
Oral rufinamide ( \(\geq 1,000 \mathrm{mg} / \mathrm{kg}\) ) and phenytoin (800 \(\mathrm{mg} / \mathrm{kg}\) ) did not inhibit pentylenetetrazol-induced seizures in rats (Table 3). Phenobarbital achieved the best anticonvulsive potency of the remaining three AEDs.
\section*{Biculculine-, picrotoxin-, and strychnine-induced} seizure tests in mice
Intraperitoneal rufinamide was effective at nontoxic doses in the bicuulline and picrotoxin clonic seizure tests (ED50 \(\sim 50-75 \mathrm{mg} / \mathrm{kg}\) ) and showed partial protection from strychnine-induced nontice seizures (37.5\% protection; Table 1). Overall, the general order of potency in these chemically induced seizure tests was phenobarbital \(\geq\) rufinamide \(>\) valproate \(=\) ethosuximide \(>\) phenytoin (Table 1). In the strychnine-induced tonic seizure test, phenytoin had the lowest ED50 value, suggesting the greatest potency. However, it is important to note that \(50 \%\) of secretion was the maximum achieved with this AED. Phenytoin failed to provide protection against bucciluline- and picrotoxin-induced clonic seizures in mice.
\section*{Evaluation of behavioral toxicity in mice}
The median toxic dose of intraperitoneal rufimide (TD50) in the rotorat test of behavioral impairment was \(500-1,000 \mathrm{mg} / \mathrm{kg}\). The \(\mathrm{TD} 50\) for rufinamide was higher than that for comparator AEDs (Table 1), indicating a lower toxicity. Higher doses of rufinamide were not assessed due the low \(\mathrm{ED}_{50}\) values and high protective index ( \(>40\) ).
Neurological side effects of very high dose intraperitoneal rufinamide (1,000 mg/kg, \(\mathrm{m} \mathrm{g}, \mathrm{n}=2 ; \mathrm{ED} 50 \mathrm{~S} 1-100\) \(\mathrm{mg} / \mathrm{kg}\) ) included decreased motor activity, ataxia, muscle relaxation, decreased respiration, and death (one animal dried; the other appeared normal). Higher doses of the compared parator drugs induced increased side effects \(\left(2 \mathrm{TW}^{2} 50_{\mathrm{D}}\right)\) and resulted in death (all animals) in 3-24 h (4 \(\left.\times \mathrm{TW}^{2} 50\right)\). The safety ratio for rufinamide in mice (TD5/ED7 \(\left.>19.2\right.\) [intraperitoneal] and \(>23.8\) [oral]) was consistently greater than for phenytoin, phenobarbital, and valproate (Table 4).
The median dose of intraperitoneal rufinamide required to produce loss of riggeting reflex in mice (HD50) was \(>500\) and \(<1,000 \mathrm{mg} / \mathrm{kg}\) (Table 5). Rufinamide had a numerically greater HD50 value than phenytoin or phenobarbital (HD50 values of 178 and \(135 \mathrm{mg} / \mathrm{kg}\), respectively). Rufinamide, ethosuximide, and valproate had comparable