\(\rightarrow 2 \mathrm{~m}\)

Fig. 1. General schematic of the third floor of the pilot-scale flour mill used for all experiments. The black boxes, white circles, and rectangles represent large structural features on the third floor such as support columns, milling equipment, sifters, and large storage bins. The bioassay area positions are numbered 1-10. The location of each aerosol application position is denoted as A1, A2, and A3 inside the gray squares. Aerosol application 4 was released from all three locations A1, A2, and A3 (1/3 dose at each position). Source: Scheff et al. (2018), used by permission.
of the mill at an approximate \(45^{\circ}\) angle and applied using a sideways sweeping motion toward the left and right sides of the floorspace. The total aerosol application time was approximately \(2-5 \mathrm{~min}\), followed by a 1-h exposure period. After the 1-h exposure, the air ventilation system was turned on for approximately 10 min to remove any residual aerosol particles that may be present in the ambient air. The next step was to pick up all bioassay arenas that were exposed to the aerosol insecticide treatment and replace with new bioassay arenas for the next aerosol treatment, which took approximately 5-15 min. The aerosol application position was changed after each treatment and each aerosol application location was repeated twice for each aerosol formulation. Due to logistical constraints of the milling facility (time available for testing) and time required for each aerosol application the pyritethin + pyruopyfen aerosol treatments were conducted first, followed by the pyrethin + methoprene aerosol treatments. Day 1 of testing had five trials, day 2 had six trials, and day 3 had five trials, for a total of 16 aerosol applications.
Bioassays
The \(T\). confusum variance used in the study were from a pesticide susceptible strain maintained at the United States Department of Agriculture-Cardivarietal Research Service-Center for Grain and Animal Health Research USA (ARS-GGBA, Mhaturan, UK, and Mhaturan, UK, and Mhaturan, UK, and Mhaturan, UK). The whole wheat flour and \(5 \%\) brewer's yeast at \(27^{\circ} \mathrm{C}, 60 \% \mathrm{RH}\), and 0.24 (L:D) h in an environmental chamber. These colonies have been maintained at the USDA-ARS-GGBA former from more than \(30 \mathrm{yr}\) of the testing.
Testing arenas used in this study were individual \(60 \times 15 \mathrm{~mm}\) \(\left(-22 \mathrm{~cm}^{2}\right)\) Petri dishes partially filled with concrete and placed inside larger \(150 \times 20 \mathrm{~mm}\left(-137 \mathrm{~cm}^{2}\right)\) plastic Petri dishes. Concrete dishes were prepared based on Arthur (2015). Briefly, a dry powder driveway impacting material (Rockitec, Hartline Product Co., Inc., Cleveland, \(\mathrm{OH}\) ) was mixed with water to create a thin slurry, poured in the bottom of Petri dishes to a depth of \(-0.5 \mathrm{~cm}\), and held at amorphine conditions for approximately \(7 \mathrm{~d}\). Inside each Petri dish, four times a second and second layer was used in the current study for residual bioassays 2, 4, and 6 wk postulated treatment and contained no diet at time of exposure to aerosol. The other arena was used as described by Scheff et al. (2018).
These groups of testing relaxes from placed at ten different positions on the third floor (Fig. 1). Nine positions also had aerodynamic particle size units (APS 3321, TIS Inc, Shoreview, MN) placed to collect data on aerosol particle concentration and size distribution.
Two additional testing arenas were placed on the first floor of the mill during each aerosol treatment and served as untreated controls. Arenas were placed in each of the four major corners of the mill floor (arenas 4, 5, 8, 10). Bioassay arenas along walls were placed approximately \(0.5 \mathrm{~m}\) away from the wall (arenas 4, 5, 6, 8, 9, 10). Bioassay arena 2 was placed in between two large pieces of milling equipment and pneumatic conveying ducts. Bioassay arena 7 was placed underneath a piece of milling equipment. Relative to the application locations, bioassay arena 1 was placed directly in front of aerosol application location 1 and bioassay arenas 9 and 4 were placed next to aerosol application locations 2 and 3, respectively. The results were performed on the second and second panel and the transported back to the USDA-ARS-GGAHR and held at \(27^{\circ} \mathrm{C}, 60 \%\) \(\mathrm{RH}\), and 0.24 (L:D) in an environmental chamber. At 2, 4, and 6 wk was also asciopal, division, five (3-4 wk old) T. confusum larvae along with \(\sim 400 \mathrm{mg}\) of diet were added to one concrete arena from each bioassay arena position. Number of larvae available for bioassays was limited, but five larvae per dish does provide sufficient resolution to evaluate IGR effects on development. Larvae were examined since wickey, up to 4 wk, for adult emergence. Emerged adults were placed at 100000000000000000000.
At the end of \(4 \mathrm{wk}\), all five individuals were classified as larvae, pupae, or adults. Means \(\mathrm{S}\) rees were calculated for adult emergence and data analyzed using statistical analysis software (version 9.94, SAS Institute, Cary, NC). Adult emergence data were transformed to angular values prior to analysis (Zar 2010) before using a three-way analysis of variance based on bioassay position, application position, and residual week as the main effects.
\section*{Aerosol Dispersal Patterns}
To assess the strength of the effect of the aerosol application, an effective village index was created to convert the three morphological states (larvae, pupae, adult) to a single value for comparison (Campbell et al. 2014). The efficacy index ranged from 1, the weakest efficacy response with five adults, to 21 , the strongest response with five larvae. All of the index values with the corresponding numbers of adults, pupae, and larvae indicated in brackets were the following:
\(1[5,0,\), \(2[4,1,0], 3[4,0,1], 4[3,2,0], 5[3,1,1,6], 1[3,0, \), 7[2,3,0]\), \(8[2,2,1], 9[2,1,2], 10[2,0,3], 11[1,40], 12[1,3,1], 13[1,2,2], 14[2,10]\), \(1[3,1,3], 15[1,0,4], 16[0,5,0], 17[0,4,1], 18[0,3,2], 19[0,2,3], 20\) \([0,1,4], 21[0,0,.\).