Fig. 2-Microstructures of alloy B in \((a)\) as-cast and \((b)\) SHTed \((8 \mathrm{~h})\) conditions; and EBSD results of \((c) z\)-Fe in (b) and \((d)\) STED \(\beta\)-Fe in (b).
Table II. Chemical Compositions of Iron-Rich Intermetallics in the As-Cast and SHTed Conditions
contents of \(\mathrm{Mn}\) and \(\mathrm{Si}\), which is consistent with the literature. \({ }^{[16,}\) After being SHTed for 8 hours, almost the entire amount of \(\mathrm{Al}_{2} \mathrm{Cu}\) is dissolved into the \(\mathrm{Al}\) matrix as shown in Figure 2(b). It is also interesting to note that the Chinese script \(z\)-Fe phase becomes unstable and is transformed into a small amount of short intermetallic platelets, leading to the fragmentation of \(\mathrm{Mn}\) and \(\mathrm{Cl}^{-}\)ions.
The chemical compositions of the iron-rich intermetallics in Alloy B in the as-cast and SHTed (for 8 hours) conditions measured by SEM-EDS are shown in Table II. It can be found that higher \(\mathrm{Al}\) contents are detected in the \(z\)-Fe and STED \(\beta\)-Fe after SHT than the corresponding iron-rich phases solidified directly from the liquid. This can be attributed to the partial contribution of the surrounding \(\mathrm{Al}\) matrix due to the small sizes of the fragmented \(z\)-Fe and STED \(\beta\)-Fe particles after SHT. Compared with the as-cast condition, it can be found that the iron content in \(z\)-Fe is reduced after
SHT for 8 hours. As shown in Figure 2(c), however, the EBSD results with a mean angular deviation (MAD) of 0.452 , lower than 0.7 which is considered to be critical for an accurate solution, \({ }^{}\) indicate that this phase is still the \(z\)-Fe (body-centered cubic with \(a, b\), and \(c\) as \(1.265 \mathrm{~nm}^{}\) ). Moreover, the platelet-like intermetallic phase formed during the SHT has a similar chemical structure of the SHT. The obtained in the as-cast conditions (Table II) and the \(\mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}}\) and \(\mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}}\) are the \(\mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}}\) obtained in the as-cast conditions (Table II) and the \(\mathrm{H}_{c}\) obtained in the \(\mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}}\) obtained in the \(\mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}}\) obtained in the \((\mathrm{H}) \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}}\) obtained in the \(\mathrm{H}_{c}\) obtained in the \(\mathrm{H}_{c}\) obtained in the \(\mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{b}}\) obtained in the \(\mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{b}}\) obtained in the \((\mathrm{C}) \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}}\) obtained in the \(\mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{c}}\) obtained in the \(\mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{c}}\) obtained in \(\mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{c}}\) obtained in the \(\mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}}\) and \(\mathrm{H}(\mathrm{c}) \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}}\) obtained in the \(\mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}}\) obtained in \(\mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{c}}, \mathrm{H}(\mathrm{c}) \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}}, \mathrm{H}(\mathrm{c}) \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}}, \mathrm{H}(\mathrm{c}) \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{c}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{c}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}}, \mathrm{H}(\mathrm{b}) \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}} \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}}, \mathrm{C} \mathrm{b} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{b}}, \mathrm{C} \mathrm{b} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{c}} \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{b}}, \mathrm{C} \mathrm{c} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{c}}, \mathrm{C} \mathrm{b} \mathrm{C}_{\mathrm{b}} \mathrm{H}_{\mathrm{b}},
\begin{tabline
\hline
\end{tabular}
<table border=1>
<tr>
<td>$1488\mathrm{\leavevmode\nobreak\ nm}^{[11]}$</td>
<td>32</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
<td>0</td>
</tr>
</table><table border=1>
<tr>
<td>$1488\mathrm{\leavevmode\nobreak\ nm}^{[11]}$</td>
</tr>
</table>\end{tabular}
<table border=1>
<tr>
<td>
<table>
<tr>
<td>tabularl

<table>
<tr>
<td>Hb</td>
</tr>
</table>
</td>
</tr>
</table>
</td>
</tr>
</table>\begin{tabular}{l}
\begin{tab}{l}
<table border=1>
<tr>
<td>
<table>
<tr>
<td>$1488\mathrm{\leavevmode\nobreak\ nm}$</td>
</tr>
</table>
</td>
</tr>
</table>\end {tabular}
