·Individual vessel owners must bring a copy of the appropriate swordish and/or shark permit(s), a copy of the vessel registration or documentation, and proof of identifieation.  

•Representatives of a businessowned or co-owned vessel must hring proof that the individual is an agent of the business {such as articles of incorporation), a copy of the applicable swordfish and/or shark permit(s), and proof of identification.  

Vessel operators must bring proof f identification.  

# Workshop Objecfives  

The Protected Species Safe Handling. Release, and Identification Workshops are designed to teach longline and gillnet fishermen the required techniques for the safe handling and release ofentangled and/or hooked protected species, such as sea turtles, marine mammals, and smalltooth sawfish. In an effort to improve reporting. the pruper identificalion of proteeted species will also be taught al these workshops. Additionally. individuals attending these workshops will gain a better understanding of the requirements for participating in these fisheries. The overall goal of ihese workshops is to provide participants with the skills needed to reduce the mortality of protected species,which may prevent additional regulations on these fisheries in the future.  

Autherity: 16 U.S.C 1s01 et seq.  

Dated: December 1. 2014.  

# Emily H. Menashes,  

Acting Director, Office of Sustuinabfe Fisheries,Nationa Marine Fisheries Service. [FR Doc 201428502 Fllad 12314: 8.45 am] BiLLING C0DE 3510-22-P  

# BUREAU OFCONSUMERFINANCIAL PROTECTION  

[Docket No. CFPB20140032] Agency Information Collection Activities: Comment Request AGENcy: Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection.  

ACTon: Notice and request for comment.  

suwuARy: In accordance with the Paperwork Reduction Act of 1995 (PRA]. the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau [Bureau] is proposing a new information collection titled. "CFPB'S Consumer Complaint Intake System Company Portal Boarding Form Information Callection System."  

DATEs: Wrilten comments are encouraged and must be received on or before February 2. 2015 to be assured of consideration.  

ADDRessEs: You may submit comments, identified by the title of the information collection.OMB Control Number (see below). and docket number [see above]. by any of the following methods:  

www.regulalions.gov. Follow the instructions for submitting comments.  

Mail: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau (Altention:PRA Office). 1700 G Street NW., Washington. DC20552.  

Hand Delivery/Courier: Consumer Financial Protection Bureau [Attention: PRA Officel. 1275 First Street NE, Washinglon.DC 20002.  

Please note that comments submilted after the commen! period wifl not be ccepfed. In general, all comments received will become public records. including any personal information provided. Sensitive personal information, such as account numbers or social security numbers, should not be included.  

# FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:  

Documentation prepared in support of this information collection request is available at www.regulations.gov. Requests for additional information should be directed to the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, (Allenlion: PRA Officel.1700 G Streel NW. Washington.DC 20552. (202)435-9575. or email: PRA@efpb.gov. Please do not submit comments fo this maflox.  

# SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:  

Tille of Collection: CFPB'S Consumer Complaint Intake System Company Portal Boarding Form Information Collection Svstem.  

OMB Confrol Number: 3170XXXX.  

Type oHeview: New collection [Request for a new OMB conlrol number.  

Affecfed Publie: Private sector.  

Estimeted Number of Respondents: 50,000.  

Estimeted Totarl Annua! Burden Hours:12,500.  

Abstruct: The Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Acl. Publie Law 111-203.Tile X. provides for the Bureau's consumer complaint handling function. Among other things, the Bureau is to facilitale the centralized collection of, monitoring of, and response to complaints concerning consumer financialproducts and services. The support the appropriate routing af complaints to the companies that are the subjects of the complaints, the Bureau is developing a form which will allow companies to proactively participate in the Bureau's Company Portal (Company Portal]. a secure, Webbased interface between the Bureau's Office of Consumer Response [Consumer Response] and companies. The Company Portal allows companies to view and respond lo complainls submitted through the Bureau's complaint handling system. Many companies have sought to register with the Company Portal before consumer complaints have been submitted to the Bureau about their companies to ensure early notice of potential complainls and allow companies' users to acclimate to the software and security protocols nee ded to access the Company Portal. The Bureau's proposed form, the Company Purial Boarding Form (Boarding Form}, will serve to streamline information collection from these companies, result in a greatly enhanced and efficient experience from both the consumers and companiesa perspectives.  

Request for Comments: Comments are invited on: [a) Whether the collection of information is necessary for the proper performance of the functions of the Bureau.including whether the information will have practical utility: [b) The accuracy of the Bureau's estimate of the burden af the collection of information, ineluding the validity of the methods and the assumptions used: (c] Ways to enhance the quality, utility. and clarity of the information to be collected; and (d) Ways to minimize the burden of the collection ofinfornation on respondents. including through the use of automated collection techniques or other forms of information technology. Comments submitted in response to this notice will be summarized and/or included in the request for Office of Management and Budget (OMB) approval. All comments will become a matter of public record.  

Dated: November 19, z014.  

# Nellisha Ramdass,  

Acting Chief information Officer, Bureau of Consumer Financia! Profection.  

[FR Dot. 201428511 Fled 12314; 8:45 am]  

BLLING C0GE 4810-AM-P  

# DEPARTMENT OFENERGY  

Bonneville Power Admlnistration [BPA File No.: BP16] Fiscal Year (FY) 2016-2017 Proposed Power and Transmisslon Rate Adjustments Public Hearing and Opportunities for Publlc Revlew and Comment  

AGENcy: Bonneville Power Administration (BPA or Bonneville). Department of Energy (DOE).  