confidential trade secrets or commercial property such as patentable material, and personal information concerning individuals associated with the grant applications, the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.  

Name of Commiltee: Cardiovascular and Respiratory Sciences Integrated Review Croup. Lung Injury. Repair, and Remodeling Study Section.  

Dare: February 25=26,2019.  

Time: 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.  

Agenda. To review and ewaluate gran! applications.  

Piace: Emhassy Suites at the Chevy Chase Pavilion, 43oo Military Road. NW, Washington, DC: 20015.  

Gontuct Person: Ghenima Dirami, Ph.D., Scientific Review Officer,Center for Scientific Review, National Institutes of Health, 6701 Rockledge Drive, Room 4122. MSC 7814, Bethesda, MD 20892, 240498 7546, diramig@esr.nih.gov.  

(Catalogue af Federal Domestic Assistance Program Nos. 93.306, Cormparative Medicine: 93.333, Clinical Research, 93.306. 93.333. 93.337, 93.39393.396, 93.837-93.844, 93.84693.878, 93.892,93.893,Natinnl Institutes of Health, HHS]  

Dated: January 30, 2019.  

# Melanie J. Pantoja.  

Program Analyst, Office of Federal Advisory Committee Poficy.   
[FR Doc.201901001 Fled 2419: 845 am] BILLING C0DE 4140-01-P  

# DEPARTMENT OFHEALTH AND HUMANSERVICES  

Natlonal Institutes of Health  

# Center For Sclentific Review; Notice of Closed Meeting  

Pursuant to section 10(d] of the Federal Advisory Committee Act. as amended, notice is hereby given of the following meeting.  

The meeting will be closed to the public in accordance with the provisions set forth in sections 552b(c)(4) and 552b(c)(6). Title 5 U.S.C. as amended. The grant applications and the discussions could disclose confidential trade secrels or commercial property such as patentable material, and personal information concerning individuals associated with the grant applications, the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.  

Name of Commitee: Malecular,Cellular and Developmental Neuroscience Integrated Review Group, Neural Oxidative Metaholism and Death Study Section.  

Date:Fehruary 2526, 2019.  

Tine: 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.  

Agenda: To review and evaluate grant applications.  

Ploce: Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf, 425 North Point, San Francisco, CA 94133.  

Contact Person: Carol Hamelink PhD, Scientific Reviesw Officer, Center for Scientific Review, National Institutes of Health, 6701 Rocklodge Drive, Room 4192. MSC 7850, Bethesda,MD 20892.[301} z13- 9887.banelinc@csr.aih.gov.  

(Catalogue of Federal Donestic Assistance Program Nas. 93.306, Comparative Medicine: 93.333, Clinical Research, 93.306. 93.333, 93.337,93.39393.396, 93.837-93.844. 93.846-93.878,93.892.93.893,Natinal Institutes of Heslth, HHS).  

Dated: January 30, 2019.  

# DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  

Natlonal Institutes of Health  

# National Institute of Dlabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases;Notice of Closed Meeting  

Pursuant to section 10(d] of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, notice is hereby given of the following meeting.  

The meeting will be closed to the publie in accordance with the provisions set forth in sections 552b(c)(4) and 552b[c)(6). Title 5 U.S.C. as amended. The grant applications and the discussions could disclose confidential trade secrels or commercial property such as patentable material, and personal information concerning individuals associated with the grant applieations,the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.  

Nome of Cammiltee: National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases Special Emphasis Panel; NIDDK Program Praject [Po1 A1).  

Dote: Fehnuary 28, 2019.  

Time: 1:00 p.m. to 3:30 p.m.  

Agenda: To review and evaluate grant applications.  

Ploce: National Institutes of Health, Two Democracy Plaza, 6707 Democracy Boulevard. Bethesda, MD 20892 (Telephone Conference Call.  

Contoct Person: Jason D. Hoffert, Ph.D. Scientific Reviesw Officer, Review Branch, DEA, NIDDK, National Institutes of Health Room 7343, 6707 Democracy Boulevard. Bethesda,MD 20817,301496-9010, hoffertj@niddk.nih-gov.  

(Catalogue of Federal Domestic Assistanre Program Nos. 93.847, Diabetes, Endocrinology and Metaholic Research: 93.848, Digestive Diseases and Nutrition Research; 93.849. Kidney Disesases, Urology and Hematology Research, National Institutes of Health.HHS)  

Dated: January 30, 2019.  

# Melanie I. Pantoja.  

Program Analyst, Office of Federal Advisory Committee Policy.   
[FR Doc. 201901088 Fded 2119: 6:45 am] BLLING C0DE 414001-P  

# DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES  

Natlonal Institutes of Health National Heart, Lung,and Blood Institute; Notice of Meeting  

Pursuant to section 10[d] of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, notice is hereby given of the following meeting.  

The meeting will be closed to the public in accordance with the provisions set forth in sections 552b(c)(4] and 552b(cJ(6). Title 5 U.S.C. as amended. The grant applications and the discussions could disclose confidential trade secrets or commercial property such as patentable material, and personal information concerning individuals associated with the grant applications,the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranled invasion of personal privacy.  

Name of Commitee: National Heart, Lung. and Blood Institute Special Emphasis Panel. CLTR and Rs1 Conflict Meeting (UG3 and L24].  

Date: March 1, z019.  

Tine: 8:30 a.m. to 6:00 p.m.  

Agereda: To review and eraluate grant applications.  

Ploce: The William F. Bolger Center, 9eoD Newhridge Drive, Potomat, MD 20854.  

Conlnct Person: YingYing Li-Smerin, MD, Ph.D., Scientific Review Offiorr, Office of Scientific Review, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, National Institutes of Health, 6701 Rockledge Drive, Room 7184. Bethesda, MD 20892.301827=7942,Jismerin@ nhlbi.nih.gov.  

[Catalogue of Federal Domestic: Assistanco Program Nos. 93.233, National Center far Sleep Disorders Research; 93.837. Heart and Vascular Diseases Researrh; 93.sas, Lung Diseases Rescarch; 93.839, Blood Diseases and Resources Research, National Institutes of Health.HHS)  

Dated: January 30, 2019.  

Ronald J. Livingston. Jr..  

Program Analyst, Office of Federel Advisory Committee Policy. [FR Doc. 201901011 Fild 2419; 8-45 am]  

BILLING C0OE 414001-P  