size production, large carry-in inventories, and stagnant demand.  

NATURAL SEEDLESS PRODUCER PRICES   


<td><table  border="1"><thead><tr><td><b>Crop year</b></td><td><b>Deliveries (nalural condifion tons}</b></td><td><b>Producer prices (per ton)(s)</b></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>200203</td><td>388,010</td><td>394.85</td></tr><tr><td>200102</td><td>377,328</td><td>650.94</td></tr><tr><td>2000-01</td><td>432,616</td><td>603.36</td></tr><tr><td>19992000</td><td>299,910</td><td>1,211.25</td></tr><tr><td>1998-99</td><td>240,469</td><td>21,290.00</td></tr><tr><td>1997-98</td><td>382,448</td><td>946.52</td></tr><tr><td>199697</td><td>272,063</td><td>1,049.20</td></tr><tr><td>1995-96</td><td>325,911</td><td>1,007.19</td></tr><tr><td>1994-95</td><td>378,427</td><td>928.27</td></tr><tr><td>1993-94</td><td>387,007</td><td>904.60</td></tr></tbody></table></td>


Retum-to-date, reserve pool still open. 2 No volume regulation.  

There are essentially two broad markets for raisinsdomestie and export. In recent years, both export and domestic shipments have been decreasing. Domestic shipments decreased from a high of 204,805 packed tons during the 199091 crop year to a low of 156,325 packed tons in 19992000. In addition, exports decreased from 114,576 packed tons in 199192 to a low of 91,600 packed tons in the 19992000 crop year.  

In addition, the per capita consumption of raisins has declined from 2.07 pounds in 1988 to 1.48 pounds in 2002. This decrease is consistent with the decrease in the per capita oonsumption of dried fruits in general, which is due to the increasing availability of most types of fresh fruit throughout the vear.  

While the overall demand for raisins has been deereasing (as reflected in the decline in commercial shipments). production has been increasing. Deliveries of NS dried raisins from producers to handlers reached an alltime high of 432,616 tons in the 2000 01 erop year. This large crop was preceded by two short crop years: deliveries were 240,469 tons in 199899 and 299,910 tons in 19992000. Deliveries for the 200001 crop year soared to a record level because of increased bearing acreage and yields. Deliveries for the 200102 crop year were 377,328 tons, and deliveries for the 200203 crop year were 388,010 tons. Deliveries through the week ending June 19, 2004, of the currenl crop year were at 296,625 tons. Three crop years of high production and a large 200102 carryin inventory have contributed to the industry's burdensome supply of raisins.  

The arder permits the industry to exercise supply control provisions, which allow for the establishment of free and reserve percentages, and establishment of a reserve pool. One of the primary purposes of establishing free and reserve percentages is to equilibrate supply and demand. If raisin markets are over-supplied with product, producer prices will decline.  

Raisins are generally marketed at relatively lower price levels in the more elastic export market than in the more inelastie domestie market. This results in a larger volume of raisins being marketed and enhances producer returns. In addition, this system allows the U.S. raisin industry to be more competitive in export markets.  

To assess the impact that volume control has on the prices producers receive for their product, an econometric model has been constructed. The model developed is for the purpose of estimating nominal prices uinder a number of scenarios using the volume control authority under the Federal marketing order. The price producers receive for the harvest and delivery of their crop is largely determined by the level of production and the volume of carryin inventories. The Federal marketing order permits the industry to exercise supply control provisions, which allow for the establishment of reserve and free peroentages for primary markets, and a reserve poel. The establishment of reserve peroentages impacts the production that is marketed in the primary markets.  

The reserve percentage limits what handlers can market as free tonnage. Assuming the 30 percent reserve limits the total free tonnage to 207,638 natural condition tons (.70 × 296,625 tons delivered through June 19, 2004) and carryin is 129,345 natural condition tons, and purchases from reserve total 66,740 natural condition tons [which includes reserve raisins released  

through both 10 plus 10 offlers plus the offer under 5 989.67(j). then the total free supply is estimated at 403,723 natural condition tons. The econometric model estimates prioes to be S63 per ton higher than under an unregulated scenario. This price increase is beneficial to all produoers regardless of size and enhances producers\* total revenues in comparison to no volume control. Establishing a reserve allows the industry to help stabilize supplies in both domestic and export markets, while improving returns to producers.  

Free and reserve percentages are established by varietal type, and usually in years when the supply exceeds the trade demand by a large enough margin that the Committee believes volume regulation is necessary to maintain market stability. Accordingly, in assessing whether to apply volume regulation or, as an alternalive, not to apply such regulation, it has been determined that volume regulation is warranted this season for only one of the nine raisin varietal types defined under the order.  

The free and reserve percentages established by this rule release the full trade demand and apply uniformly to all handlers in the industry, regardless of size. For NS raisins, with the exoeption of the 199899 crop year, small and large raisin producers and handlers have been operating under volume regulation percentages every year since 198384. There are no known additional costs incurred by small handlers that are not incurred by large handlers. While the level of benefits of this rulemaking are difficult to quantify. the stabilizing effects of volume regulation impact small and large handlers positively by helping them maintain and expand markets even though raisin supplies fluctuate widely from season to season. Likewise, price  