Table 1.Recording solutions   


<td><table  border="1"><thead><tr><td rowspan="2"><b>Solution</b></td><td colspan="9"><b>Intracellular solutions</b></td></tr><tr><td><b>K+</b></td><td><b>Na+</b></td><td><b>Cs+</b></td><td><b>Ca2+</b></td><td><b>Mg2+</b></td><td><b>Ch,SO4</b></td><td><b>EGTA</b></td><td><b>EDTA</b></td><td><b>ATP</b></td></tr></thead><tbody><tr><td>Kim</td><td>145</td><td></td><td></td><td>0.1</td><td>4</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td></td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Kim2</td><td>145</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>4</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td></td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Kin3</td><td>145</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>4</td><td>135</td><td>0.5</td><td></td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Kim4</td><td>130</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>6</td><td>125</td><td>0.5</td><td></td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Kputeh</td><td>145</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Csin2</td><td></td><td></td><td>145</td><td></td><td>4</td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td></td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Csim3</td><td></td><td></td><td>145</td><td></td><td>4</td><td>135</td><td>0.5</td><td></td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Csin4</td><td></td><td></td><td>130</td><td></td><td>6</td><td>125</td><td>0.5</td><td></td><td>4</td></tr><tr><td>Nain</td><td></td><td>145</td><td></td><td></td><td>4</td><td>140</td><td>0.5</td><td></td><td>2</td></tr><tr><td>Napatch</td><td></td><td>145</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>0.5</td><td></td></tr><tr><td colspan="10">Extracellular solutions</td></tr><tr><td>Solution</td><td>K+</td><td>Na+</td><td>NMDG+</td><td>TEA+</td><td>Ba²+</td><td>Ca2+</td><td>Mg2+</td><td>Ch,SO4</td><td>Dextrose</td></tr><tr><td>Tyrode's</td><td>5</td><td>140</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>2</td><td>1</td><td></td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Baout!</td><td></td><td></td><td>110</td><td>10</td><td>20</td><td></td><td></td><td>150</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Kout</td><td>5</td><td></td><td>140</td><td></td><td></td><td>2</td><td>1</td><td></td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Kout?</td><td>5</td><td></td><td>140</td><td></td><td></td><td>2</td><td>1</td><td>145</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Kout3</td><td>20</td><td></td><td>125</td><td></td><td></td><td>2</td><td>1</td><td>145</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Kouta</td><td>20</td><td>125</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>2</td><td>1</td><td>145</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Naout!</td><td></td><td>145</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>2</td><td>1</td><td>145</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Naout?</td><td></td><td>145</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>0.05</td><td>0.1</td><td>145</td><td>10</td></tr><tr><td>Naout?</td><td></td><td>145</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td></td></tr><tr><td>Nystl</td><td>145</td><td></td><td></td><td></td><td>5</td><td></td><td>5</td><td>70</td><td></td></tr></tbody></table></td>


All solutions contained HEPES at  $5\ \mathrm{mM}$  (extracellular solutions) or  $10\;\mathrm{mM}$  (intracellular solutions) and were adjusted to pH 7.4.  $\mathrm{Cl}^{-}$  was themajor anion in all solutions except those containing methane sulfonate  $(\mathrm{CH}_{3}\mathrm{SO}_{4}^{-})$  where  $\mathrm{Cl}^{-}$  was at a concentration of 14 or  $\mathrm{\Phi_{mM}}$  for  $\mathrm{K_{in}^{5/C}S_{i n}^{5}}$  and  $\bar{\mathrm{K}}_{\mathrm{in}}4/\bar{\mathrm{Cs}}_{\mathrm{in}}4,$  respectively, and 10 or  $6\ \mathrm{mM}$  for  $\mathrm{Ba}_{\mathrm{out}}1$  and  $\mathrm{K_{out}2/K_{o u t}3/K_{o u t}4/N a_{o u t}1}$  ,respectively.  $\mathrm{\DeltaK_{in}4/C s_{i n}4}$  also contained  $0.3\ \mathrm{mM}$  GTP and  $14~\mathrm{mM}$  phosphocreatine. Concentrations given are in millimolars.  

epithelium labeled with an anti-OMP antibody. Labeling is seen of cells in the deeper layers of the epithelium,thelocation of sensory neurons, and not of cells in the most lumenal layer, the location of supporting cells. The spotty labeling is similar to what has been shown previously (Graziadei et al., 1980). Labeling is also present at the lumen of the epithelium and likely corresponds to thelabeling of dendriticprocesses ofVNOsensoryneurons (Johnson et al.,1993).  

To obtain dissociated VNO neurons,theVNO and itsbony encasingwereremovedfrom thenasalcavity and theepithelium was dissected free. At this anterior position in the nasal cavity, the OE is dorsal to the VNO and lies outside the bony encasing (Fig. 1), and thus no contamination of VNO neurons by olfactory neurons is expected.Formost experiments,dissociated cellswere prepared byincubating the epithelium indivalent-free solution containing trypsin and collagenase and then triturating gently. Dissociation using either of the two enzymes alone, or no enzyme, did not produce as many healthy-looking cells.To determine whetherthe enzymatictreatment altered thepropertiesof theion channels, some experiments were done without the use of enzymes;these experiments are explicitly stated as such.A population of cells were identified as sensory neurons by morphological criteria.Thesecellshad an ovoidcell bodywith ameandiameter alongtheshorter axisof  $11.1\pm1.4$  (mean±SD;  $n=12$  )anda dendritic process thatvaried in length and could be  ${>}40\ \mu\mathrm{m}$  Some short dendrites were probably the result of retraction during the dissociation process. This identification was confirmed by labeling with anti-OMP antibody (Fig. 2A,B) and by the detection of action potentials in these cells (see next section). Two typical cells are shown inFigure 2,  $C$  and  $D$  ,asvisualizedwithdifferential interference contrast microscopy. Cells used for electrophysiology allhad a similar appearance,with a clearlyidentifiable dendrite bearing microvilli. Mouse olfactory neurons were also dissociated for comparative experiments, and a typical cell is shown in Figure  $2E$  at the same magnification.Note thatVNO neurons are several times larger than olfactory neurons.  

# Action potentials in response to current injections  

The electricalproperties of VNO neuronswere examined by whole-cell patch-clamp recording. The resting potential  $(V_{\mathrm{m}})$  of VNOneuronswas  $-58.3\,\pm\,2.7\:\mathrm{mV}$  (mean  $\pm\ S\mathrm{EM}$  unless otherwise noted;range  $^{-43}$  to  $-70\,\mathrm{\mV}$   $n~=~9$   $K_{\mathrm{in}^{2}}$  and Tyrode's solutions), which was significantly more depolarized than the restingpotentialofolfactoryneuronsmeasuredundersimilar conditions  $(-81.8\,\pm\,2.1\ \mathrm{mV}$   $n\,=\,6$  ).The input resistance of 3.3  $\pm\ 1.0\ \mathrm{G}\Omega$   $n=7$  was similar to that for olfactoryneurons  $(2.9\pm$   $0.8\;\mathrm{G}\Omega$ ， $n=8)$ ,and the capacitance $\mathrm{8.8\pm0.3\pF}$  $n=39$ wasseveral times larger than that of olfactory neurons  $(1.8\pm0.2\:\mathrm{pF})$   $n=7$  0.Theresponses of aVNOneuron to current injections of  $^{-4}$  to  $4p A$  are showninFigure  $3.4$  .The response to hyperpolarizing current injections gave a membrane time constant of  $15.3~\pm$  2.2 msec  $(n=7)$  .VNO neurons showed aremarkable sensitivity tosmall current injections,firing repetitive action potentialswith injections of  $1{\mathrm{-}}2\,\mathrm{\pA}.$  This sensitivitywas also observed in cellattached patch-clamp recordings, in which we were routinely able to elicit actionpotentials inresponse to depolarizationof the patch.  

VNO neurons fired repetitively with no sign of adaptation  