“Reaction conditions:aldehyde  $(0.250\ \mathrm{mmol})$  ,amine  $\mathrm{(0.300\mmol)}$  ,alkyne  $\left(0.325\mathrm{\mmol}\right)$  ),catalyst  $_{(0.07\ \mathrm{g})}$  the reaction temperatures are 120, 150, and  $150~\circ C$  on  $4.6^{0}/\mathrm{\OmegaAu}$  /IRMOF-3,  $0.6\%\mathrm{Au/IRMOF}{-3}$  ,and  $3.2^{0}/\mathrm{\OmegaAu}$  IRMOF-3catalysts,respectively.Thereaction time wasnot optimization.  $c_{\mathrm{GC}}$  yield or conversionbased on aldehydes,theproductwasdetermined by GC-MS,and  $^{1}\mathrm{H}{-}\mathrm{NMR}$  

bearing electron-withdrawing groups (Table 1,entry 4) afforded a better yield than those bearing electron-donating groups (Table1,entries 2and 3)when  $4.6\%\mathrm{Au/IRMOF}{-3}$  catalyst was used, however, the employment of  $0.6\%\mathrm{Au}$  IRMOF-3(Table 1, entry 17vs.16) and  $3.2\%\mathrm{Au/IRMOF}{-3}$  (Table 1,entry  $2213$  21) gave the opposite results. The  $\mathbf{A}^{3}$  coupling reaction was reported tobehighly affected by thenatureofaldehydes,and the reactivity of aldehydes could be affected by the employed catalyst.6,14229 Kidwai et al. found that aryl aldehydes possessing electron-withdrawinggroups affordedabetter yield than that with an electron-donating group bound to the benzene ring which required longer reaction time with metallic Au nanoparticles as catalyst.ll Wei and Li reported that both aromatic and aliphatic aldehydes were able to undergo the corresponding  $\mathrm{A}^{3}$  coupling with the catalyst of  $\mathrm{AuBr}_{3}$  4 They found that electronwithdrawing groups displayed high reactivities,however, electron-rich groups bound to the benzene ring decreased the reactivity and required a longer reaction time. The decreased yield for aliphatic aldehydes was caused by the trimerization of aliphatic aldehydes with homogeneous gold salts. Zhang and Corma found that benzaldehyde with electron-donating groups react smoothly, while substitution of electron-withdrawing groups on thebenzene ring decreases the reactivity with the catalystof  $\mathrm{Au/CeO}_{2}$  14 Based on the above results, we may presume that the activity difference could be due to the different properties (e.g.,different oxidation states) between  $4.6\%\mathrm{Au/IRMOF}{-3}$  and  $0.6\mathrm{{}^{0}/\mathrm{{}_{0}A u}}^{1}$  IRMOF-3,  $3.2\%A u$  /IRMOF-3catalysts.  

Withthecatalystof  $4.6\%\mathrm{Au}$  IRMOF-3,thereactionwithsecondary amines proceeded smoothly to afford the corresponding propargylamines (Table 1, entries 1,7-9). Among the various amines tested,alicyclic amines such as piperidine,pyrrolidine, and morpholine gave good conversions of benzaldehyde, whereas the diethylamine afforded a lower conversion.This was probably due to the iminium ions generated from alicyclic amines and benzaldehyde which are more stable than that generated from dialkyl amine and benzaldehyde.  

Avarietyofaromatic alkyneswerecoupledwithbenzaldehyde andpiperidine in the presenceof the4.6%Au/IRMOF-3 catalyst. It was found that straight-chain alkyl substituted phenylacetylene showed decreasing conversion of benzaldehyde with increasing chain length,the conversions were  $86.4\%$   $70.6\%$  and  $28.5\%$  for methyl, ethyl, and butyl phenylacetylene,respectively (Table 1, entries 10-12). Clearly, when increasing the steric hindrance of alkynes,it gave a decrease in conversion. The reaction was found to be highly affected by the steric hindrance of the alkynes,which was probably ascribed to the limitation effect of the IRMOF-3 channels.Aliphatic alkynes such as 1-octyne and (trimethylsilyl)acetylene also afforded moderate conversions of benzaldehyde with  $62.1\%$  and  $56.6\%$  respectively(Table1, entries 13 and 14).  

Thereusability studiesof  $4.6\%\mathrm{Au}/\mathrm{IRMOF}.3,$   $0.6\mathrm{{}^{0}/\mathrm{{}_{0}A u}}/$  IRMOF-3,and  $3.2\%\mathrm{Au/IRMOF}{-3}$  werecarriedouton the  $\mathrm{A}^{3}$  coupling reaction of benzaldehyde, piperidine, and phenylacetylene. The results are summarized in Table 2. The fresh  $4.6\%\mathrm{Au}/$  