Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 194 / Thursday, October 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations 69429

a continuation of similar levels of impact from the stressors affecting this species as we have in the past. We believe a continued rate of groundwater usage and continued rates of impact from other stressors over the next 30 years would not likely result in significant effects to the occupied range of the Arkansas darter. Although we expect some change on a landscape basis, we could see some range contraction in the western Cimarron and upper Rattlesnake Creek basins in Kansas and Oklahoma due to water depletion, as well as small portions of the Colorado range. Additionally, we could see some contraction in the eastern portion of the range (Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, and Oklahoma) due to land use effects. However, we do not expect to see a reduction in redundancy of the species overall (e.g., no the loss of entire populations).

## Finding

Based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information pertaining to the Act's five threat factors and the cumulative effects of stressors acting on the species and its habitat, either singly or in combination, are not of sufficient magnitude to indicate that the Arkansas darter is currently in danger of extinction (endangered) or likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future (threatened). In conclusion, we find that this species no longer warrants listing throughout its range.

We evaluated the current range of the Arkansas darter and determined that there is any apparent geographic concentration of potential threats for the species. Groundwater withdrawals are currently impacting portions of the western, central, and lower Arkansas River basins in Kansas, Oklahoma, and Colorado, an area representing approximately 25 percent of geographic range of the Arkansas darter. Additional stressors outside of groundwater withdrawals are at a local level, localized impacts not affecting entire populations. The 25 percent of the range affected by groundwater withdrawals does not meet the "biologically based definition of "significant" (i.e., the loss of that portion of the range is not expected to increase the vulnerability to extinction of the entire species). If that 25 percent of the range were lost, the species would still have approximately 75 percent of its geographic range in areas that are not expected to be subject to the negative effects of over-depletion. Therefore, we determined that there are no significant portions of the species' range where the Arkansas darter meets the definition of an endangered or a threatened species and that the best available scientific and commercial information indicates this species is no longer in danger of extinction (endangered) or likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future (threatened) throughout all or a significant portion of its range.

Arkansas darter populations appear to be resilient to threats identified in previous status assessments. These are now believed to have fewer impacts on the Arkansas darter than previously understood; the species is known to have a high degree of redundancy and representation into the future; we know of more currently-occupied populations then we have in the past; and although some groundwater withdrawals affecting water depletion are expected to continue in approximately 25 percent of the range, we do not expect to see a reduction in redundancy of the species overall (e.g., no loss of Arkansas darter populations). Therefore, we find that listing the Arkansas darter as an endangered or threatened species is not warranted at this time, and consequently we are removing it from candidate status.

As a result of the Service's 2011 multidistrict litigation settlement with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service is required to publish a proposed listing rule or not-warranted 12-month finding to the Federal Register by September 30, 2016, for each Endangered Species Act Section 4 Deadline Litigation, No. 10-377 (EGS), MDL Docket No. 2165 (D.D.C. May 10, 2011), candidate species. The Arkansas darter was identified as candidate species in the Service's November 10, 2010, CNOR. This document is one of the 249 assessments of that settlement agreement for the Arkansas darter, and constitutes the Service's 12-month finding on the May 4, 2010, petition to list the Arkansas darter as an endangered or threatened species. A detailed discussion of the findings can be found in the Arkansas darter's species-specific assessment form, SSA Report, and other supporting documents (see ADDRESSES, above).

## Black Mudalia (Erimia melanoides)

### Previous Federal Actions

The Service first identified black mudalia as a candidate for listing in the September 12, 2007, CNOR and retained the LPN of 8 in all subsequent CNORs (see December 10, 2008 (73 FR 73176); November 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804); February 8, 2010 (75 FR 69222); October 26, 2011 (76 FR 66370); November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69994); November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104); December 11, 2014 (79 FR 72450); and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80841)).

On April 20, 2010, we received a petition from the Center for Biological Diversity requesting that the Service list 404 species, including black mudalia, as endangered or threatened. No new information regarding black mudalia was provided in the petition, and on September 27, 2011, we published a 90-day finding (76 FR 59599).

### Background

The species formerly described as the black mudalia is a small species of freshwater snail growing to 13 millimeters (mm) (0.5 inches (in)) in length and belongs to the aquatic snail family of Pleuroceridae. The species described as the black mudalia was found clinging to clean gravel, cobble, boulders, and logs in flowing water on shoals and riffles in small streams in the Locust Fork drainage in Jefferson and Blount Counties, Alabama.

### Summary of Status Review

The following summary is based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information. No new information was provided in the petition received on April 20, 2010. The species was described from "rivers in North Alabama" by T.A. Conrad in 1834. Conrad did not, but he failed to provide a specific type of locality. For the second half of the 20th century, the black mudalia was considered extinct. However, in 2003, Dr. Russell Minton published a paper on the apparent rediscovery of the species in the upper Black Warrior Basin, which he believed was Conrad's black mudalia. He designated an individual from the upper Black Warrior Basin as the neotype (a specimen or hypothetical type that is selected as the type specimen when the holotype (a single specimen chosen for the original description) and the neotype (a specimen chosen from syntypes to designate types of species), or any syntypes (any one specimen of a series used in the original description when the holotype has not been selected) have been lost or destroyed)—and restricted the type locality to one site on the Little Warrior River in Blount County, Alabama; however, the neotype is currently unavailable for study.

were at the time moderate in magnitude and changed the LPN to 8 (72 FR 69034). We retained the LPN of 8 in all subsequent CNORs (see December 10, 2008 (73 FR 73176); November 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804); February 8, 2010 (75 FR 69222); October 26, 2011 (76 FR 66370); November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69994); November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104); December 11, 2014 (79 FR 72450); and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80841)).
