Finding

Louisville Cave Beetle

Based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information pertaining to the Act's five threat factors and our review of the species' status, we conclude that the Louisville cave beetle is not currently in danger of extinction throughout all or a significant portion of its range, nor is it likely to become so within the foreseeable future. Therefore, we are removing it from candidate status.

We evaluated the current range of the Louisville cave beetle to determine if there is an apparent geographic concentration of potential threats for this species that would limit its entire range to be limited to four caves. We examined potential stressors including human visitation and disturbance, commercial cave resources development, sources of water quality impairment, and small population size. We found no concentration of stressors that suggests that the species may be in danger of extinction in any portion of its range. Therefore, we are removing the Louisville cave beetle as an endangered species or a threatened species under the Act throughout all or a significant portion of its range. Consequently, we are removing it from candidate status.

Tatum Cave Beetle

A review of the best available scientific and commercial information leads us to believe that the Tatum Cave beetle is extinct, and as such, it is not eligible for listing as an endangered species or a threatened species under the Act. Therefore, we did not further evaluate whether the Tatum Cave beetle is in danger of extinction throughout all or a significant portion of its range (an endangered species), likely to become in danger of extinction throughout all or a significant portion of its range in the foreseeable future (a threatened species), or whether the species is an endangered or threatened species in a significant portion of its range.

Therefore, we find that listing the Louisville cave beetle and Tatum Cave beetle as endangered or threatened species under the Act throughout all or a significant portion of their respective ranges is not warranted, and consequently we are removing both species from candidate status.

As a result of the Service's 2011 multi-district litigation settlement with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service is required to publish a proposed listing rule or a not-warranted 12-month finding to the Federal Register by September 30, 2016 (In re: Endangered Species Act Section 4 Deadline Litigation, No. 1:10–cv–00146 (D.D.C.), MDL Docket No. 2165 (D.D.C. May 10, 2011)), for all 251 species that were included as candidate species in the Service's September 28, 2010, CNOR (75 FR 59066). This document satisfies the requirements of that settlement agreement for the Louisville cave beetle and Tatum Cave beetle. In addition, the Constitution Sports Service's 12- month finding on the May 11, 2004, petition to list the Louisville cave beetle as an endangered or threatened species under the Act. A detailed discussion of the basis for this finding can be found in the Louisville cave beetle and Tatum Cave beetle's species-specific assessment form and other supporting documents (see ADDRESSES, above).

Relict Leopard Frog (Lithobates onca)

Previous Federal Actions

On May 9, 2002, the Service received a petition from the Center for Biological Diversity and Southern Utah Wilderness Alliance (SUWA) seeking to list the relict leopard frog as an endangered or threatened species and to designate critical habitat, under the authority of the Act. The petitioners identified information regarding the species' taxonomy, historical and current distribution, present status, and actual and potential causes of decline.

Prior to receipt of the May 2002 petition, the Service was involved in coordinated conservation efforts for the relict leopard frog among multiple parties and was aware of the species' status. On June 13, 2002, the Service's CNOR (67 FR 40657) listed the relict leopard frog (Lithobates onca) warranted listing but that listing was precluded by higher priorities; thereafter, it became a candidate species with an LPN of 5 (67 FR 40657). In 2006, the species' LPN was lowered to 11, and remained at that LPN through subsequent CNORs (September 12, 2006 (71 FR 53756), December 6, 2007 (72 FR 69034), December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75674), December 9, 2009 (74 FR 57046), and November 10, 2010 (75 FR 69222)). The lower priority ranking resulted from the development of the 2008 Relict Leopard Frog Conservation Agreement and Strategy (Conservation Agreement) and implementation of a variety of actions by the relict leopard frog Conservation Team (Conservation Team), which led to an overall reduction in threats to and an improvement in the species' status. On October 26, 2011 (76 FR 66370), we removed the species' LPN to reflect, in part, the discovery of chytrid fungus (Batrachochytrium dendrobatidis (Bd)) in relict leopard frogs in 2010, and we maintained an LPN of 8 for the species through the 2011 CNOR (see November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69994), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70014), December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80020) CNORs). The species' scientific name of the relict leopard frog is Lithobates onca (see November 10, 2010 (75 FR 69222)).

Background

Relict leopard frogs are endemic to the Colorado, Virgin, Santa Clara, and Muddy Rivers and associated springs in Nevada, Arizona, and Utah. Relict leopard frogs are riparian species that inhabit heterogeneous (consisting of diverse habitat types) in the aquatic and terrestrial environments. Relict leopard frogs historically occupied a variety of habitats including springs, streams, and wetlands characterized by clean, clear water with various depths and cover such as submerged, emergent, and perennial vegetation. Nominate predators such as Lahontan red swamp crayfish (Procambarus clarkii), American bullfrogs (Lithobates catesbeianus), and nonnative fish have contributed to the extirpation of relict leopard frogs.

The relict leopard frog currently occurs in two metapopulations: the Northshore Springs Complex (along the base of the Muddy Mountains near the Overton Arm area of Lake Mead) and the Blue Pool Complex (Cow Hollow Lake Mead). Natural sites are those sites that support wild populations of relict leopard frogs from populations established through translocation effort.

The Northshore Springs Complex and Blue Pool Complex metapopulations represent distinct relict leopard frog metapopulations, wherein each metapopulation consists of smaller, geographically separated populations that occasionally interact through the movement of individuals between them, but do not interact with the other metapopulation. Within the Northshore Springs Complex, dispersal of relict leopard frogs is limited to the habitat between Blue Pool and Red Rock Springs. Migration and dispersal among sites also appears likely in Black Canyon but not between the two metapopulations.

In addition to natural sites, relict leopard frogs were introduced to 15 sites outside their extant range. Introduction sites are those estimated by deliberately translocating relict leopard frogs to sites that had not within the species' historical range. All extant natural and introduction sites occur on lands managed by the National Park Service (NPS), Bureau of Land Management (BLM), Bureau of Reclamation (BR), and the Service. There is low genetic variation within
