69440 Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 194 / Thursday, October 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations

Resources Commission, Duke Energy Carolinas, Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, Tennessee Valley Authority, and Georgia Department of Natural Resources. A primary goal of the CCA is to expand the range of the sicklefin redhorse upstream of barrier dams to repopulate stream reaches that were formerly degraded, but are now potentially suitable. Expanding the range of the sicklefin redhorse sucker into the upper sections of the species' range will provide a greater variety of available habitat, allowing the species to more easily adjust to temporary effects of construction, natural habitat alteration, and providing more opportunities to use areas of refuge during periods of adverse conditions, such as periods of high temperature or low stream flows. Accessibility to more suitable habitat will increase the number of available spawning sites, increasing the opportunities for successful recruitment, and will provide alternative spawning sites should some spawning sites become unsuitable. Successful reintroduction will increase the carrying capacity of the sicklefin redhorse by reconnecting the species with additional riverine habitat as well as access to additional reservoirs to serve as juvenile nursery habitat. The SSA Report for the sicklefin redhorse sucker noted that threats (i.e., factors affecting the species) are not exacerbated by climate change or interaction among the threats. However, the SSA Report's evaluation of all of the threats to the species indicates that the existing populations are stable and are likely to remain stable under the plausible future scenarios. In addition, while populations are currently stable and likely to remain so, under the CCA's management framework, the parties will work collaboratively to address threats in a way that reduces the likelihood that they will negatively affect the future viability of the species.

### Finding

Based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information regarding the Act's five threat factors, we find that the factors acting on the species and its habitat, either singly or in combination, are not of sufficient imminence, intensity, or magnitude to indicate that the sicklefin redhorse sucker is in danger of extinction (an endangered species), or likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future (a threatened species), throughout all of its range. This finding is based on the stability of existing populations, re-evaluation of threats that are likely to affect the populations in the future, and development of a CCA that ensures the continued participation by all stakeholders in a focused effort to address and mitigate potential threats while expanding the range and population health of the species.

We also evaluated the current range of the sicklefin redhorse sucker to determine if there is any apparent geographical concentration of potential threats for the species. The current range of the species is relatively small and limited to two river systems in northwestern Georgia. We examined potential threats from: (1) Hydropower operations, inadequate erosion/ sediment control, and agricultural, timbering, and construction activities; (2) runoff and discharge of pollutants from industrial, municipal, agricultural, and other point and nonpoint sources; (3) habitat alterations associated with construction of instream dredging/ mining activities; (4) predation and habitat suitability impacts from invasive species; (5) fragmentation and isolation of surviving populations; and (6) other natural and human-related factors that may affect the species' continued existence. We found no portions of the species' range where potential threats are significantly concentrated or greater in one portion or other portion of its range so as to suggest that the species may be in danger of extinction in a significant portion of its range. Therefore, we find that factors affecting the sicklefin redhorse sucker are essentially uniform throughout its range, posing no risk to any portion of the range warrants further consideration of possible endangered or threatened status under the Act. Therefore, we find that listing the sicklefin redhorse sucker as an endangered or a threatened species is not warranted throughout all or a significant portion of its range at this time, and consequently we are removing it from candidate status.

As a result of the Service's 2011 multidistrict litigation settlement with the Center for Biological Diversity and other plaintiffs, the Service is required to submit a proposed listing rule or a not warranted 12-month finding on the petition to list the sicklefin redhorse sucker by September 30, 2016 (In re: Endangered Species Act Section 4 Deadline Litigation, No. 1:11-md-02167 (D.D.C. MDL Docket No. 1465 (D.D.C. May 10, 2011)), for all 251 species that were included as candidate species in the Service's August 10, 2010, 90-day finding. This document satisfies the requirements of that settlement agreement for the sicklefin redhorse sucker, and constitutes the Service's 12-month finding on the April 20, 2010, petition to list the sicklefin redhorse sucker as an endangered or threatened species. A detailed discussion of the basis for this finding, including a more detailed analysis of the CCA, can be found in the sicklefin redhorse sucker's species-specific assessment form, SSA Report, and other supporting documents (see ADDRESSES).

### Stephan's Riffle Beetle (Heterelmis stephani)

#### Previous Federal Actions

Stephan's riffle beetle (Heterelmis stephani) was designated as a Category 2 candidate species in the Notice of Review in the Federal Register on May 22, 1984, at 49 FR 21664. Category 2 candidate species were those taxa for which the Service possessed information indicating probable need to list but for which conclusive data on biological vulnerability and threats sufficient to support a proposed listing rule were lacking. On February 28, 1996, CNOR (61 FR 7596) discontinued recognition of category 2, so this species was no longer considered a candidate species. In the June 13, 2002, CNOR (67 FR 40657), Stephan's riffle beetle was removed from the candidate list as currently defined, with an LPN of 5. On May 11, 2004, we received a petition dated May 4, 2004, from the Center for Biological Diversity to list 225 plants and animals, including Stephan's riffle beetle, be listed as endangered or threatened and to have critical habitat be designated. In response to the May 4, 2004, petition to list Stephan's riffle beetle as an endangered or threatened species, we published a warranted-but-precluded 12-month finding in the Federal Register on May 11, 2005 (70 FR 24870). Subsequent warranted-but-precluded 12-month findings were published on September 12, 2006 (71 FR 53757), September 27, 2007 (72 FR 69034), December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75176), November 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804), December 10, 2010 (75 FR 77208), October 24, 2011 (76 FR 66370), November 12, 2012 (77 FR 66994), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104), December 1, 2014 (79 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80054).

#### Background

Stephan's riffle beetle is one of five known species in the genus Heterelmis found in the United States. Historically, Stephan's riffle beetles occurred in Santa Cruz and Pima Counties, Arizona, at two known locations: Bog Springs Campground and Sylvester Spring in
