Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 194 / Thursday, October 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations

Madera Canyon. Stephan's riffle beetle is no longer found at the Bog Springs Campground location, as the habitat there no longer exists. Stephan's riffle beetle has not been collected or documented at any of the Service's surveying for the species at the one remaining known location, Sylvestre Spring, or at numerous other nearby locations with potential habitat. Based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information, we believe that the Stephan's riffle beetle is extinct. The preponderance of Stephan's riffle beetle specimens have been documented in artificial habitat created by a water tank's leaking pipeline and overflow at the Bog Springs Campground. Only two specimens have ever been documented from Sylvestre Spring, the only relatively intact spring habitat within the area where the species was known to exist. Historically, Stephan's riffle beetle specimens have only occupied Sylvestre Spring. Bog Springs populations may have started declining when water from springs in Madera Canyon was diverted into concrete boxes and piped to divert water for domestic and recreational water supplies. Up until 1993, when Stephan's riffle beetle was last detected, the species appears to have existed only in extremely low numbers within Sylvestre Spring, making it very difficult to detect, in contrast to the relatively large numbers collected in 1979 at the Bog Springs Campground site. The species has not been documented since 1993, 23 years ago, when one individual was found at Sylvestre Spring as part of a specific effort to survey for Stephan's riffle beetle in Madera Canyon. Beginning in 2012, the Service surveyed Sylvestre Spring, the one remaining known population location for Stephan's riffle beetle, and several other locations with potential habitat on multiple occasions. The most intensive survey effort was conducted at Sylvestre Spring and Bog Springs (a water source for the extirpated Bog Springs Campground population). Three different survey methods were used in an effort to find the species, and no Stephan's riffle beetles were found. While the species is known to be small in size (and therefore difficult to find), adult beetles, if present, should be detected because of the kind of year surveys based on their life history (multi-year metamorphosis and relatively long life span). Therefore, based on the best available scientific and commercial information, the Service believes Stephan's riffle beetle to be extinct.

Summary of Status Review

The SSA Report for Stephan's riffle beetle is a summary of the information gathered and reviewed by the Service and incorporates the best available scientific and commercial information in our files. Our review leads us to believe that Stephan's riffle beetle is extinct. Species extinction is difficult, if not impossible, to prove, and the Service has no policy specifically stating the level of information necessary to conclude that a species should be considered extinct. For many species there is uncertainty in drawing a conclusion of extinction. For the reasons described below, we have carefully assessed the best scientific and commercial information available regarding the current status of the species. The information we reviewed and analyzed as the basis for our findings is documented in the SSA Report. Our review of this information found that there has been no confirmation of the existence of the Stephan's riffle beetle in more than 23 years. The species has not been documented since 1993, 23 years ago, when one individual was found at Sylvestre Spring as part of a specific effort to survey for Stephan's riffle beetle in Madera Canyon. Beginning in 2012, the Service surveyed Sylvestre Spring, the one remaining known population location for Stephan's riffle beetle, and several other locations with potential habitat on multiple occasions. The most intensive survey effort was conducted at Sylvestre Spring and Bog Springs (a water source for the extirpated Bog Springs Campground population). Three different survey methods were used in an effort to find the species, and no Stephan's riffle beetles were found. While the species is known to be small in size (and therefore difficult to find), adult beetles, if present, should be detected because of the kind of year surveys based on their life history (multi-year metamorphosis and relatively long life span). Therefore, based on the best available scientific and commercial information, the Service believes Stephan's riffle beetle to be extinct.

Finding

Our review of the best available scientific and commercial information leads us to believe that the Stephan's riffle beetle is extinct, and, as such, it is not eligible for listing as an endangered or threatened species. Although the Act does not directly address the situation of considering a species for listing where the best available information indicates that the species is likely already extinct, the purpose of the Act is to prevent species from going extinct. If the species is already extinct, by definition, the species cannot be in danger of, or likely to become in danger in the foreseeable future. Therefore, we did not further evaluate whether Stephan's riffle beetle is in danger of extinction throughout its entire range (an endangered species), is likely to become in danger of extinction throughout its range in the foreseeable future (a threatened species), or is an endangered or threatened species in a significant portion of its range. We find that listing Stephan's riffle beetle as an endangered or a threatened species under the Act is not warranted throughout all or any significant portion of its range, and consequently we are removing it from candidate status.

As a result of the Service's 2011 midlist prioritization analysis, with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service requested comments on a proposed listing rule or a not-warranted 12-month finding to the Federal Register September 30, 2016 (81 FR: Endangered and Threatened Wildlife and Plants; Litigation, No. 10–377 (EGS), MDL Docket No. 2165 (D.D.C. May 20, 2011)), for the species that were included as candidate species in the Service's November 10, 2010, CNOR. This document satisfies the requirements of that settlement agreement for the Stephan's riffle beetle and constitutes the Service's 12-month finding on the May 20, 2011, petition to list the Stephan's riffle beetle as an endangered or threatened species. A detailed discussion of the basis for this finding can be found in the Stephan's riffle beetle's species-specific assessment form, SSA Report, and other supporting documentation (see ADDRESSES, above).

New Information

We request that you submit any new information concerning the taxonomy, biology, ecology, status of, or stressors to the Huachuca-canebrake population of the Arizona tree frog, Arivaca pupfish, desert tortoise, black mudhulia, Highlands tiger beetle, Dichanthelium (=panicum) blairii Hinds grass, pearly grain, two Kentucky riffle beetles (Louvelle relict leaf beetle and Tatum Cave relict leaf beetle), redfin noodle sucker, and Stephens' riffle beetle to the appropriate person, as specified under FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT. New information will help us monitor these species and encourage their conservation. We encourage local agencies and landowners to continue cooperative monitoring and conservation efforts for these species. If any new information develops for any of these species, we will act to provide immediate protection.

References Cited

Lists of the references cited in the petition findings are available on the Internet at www.regulations.gov and upon request from the appropriate person, as specified under FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT.
