the Ely District Record of Decision and  
Approved Resource Management Plan  
(ROD/RMP), dated August 20, 2008, as  
referenced in the Lands and Realty  
objectives LR-8, page 66, LR-11, page 67,  
and LR-12, page 67. The disposal of these  
parcels will be conducted consistent with  
Section 203 of FLPLMA; Public Law 108-424,  
the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation,  
and Development Act of 2004 (LCCRDA); and  
Public Law 109-362, the Tax Relief and Health  
Care Act of 2006 (TRHCA) and Public Law 110-  
White Pine County Conservation,  
Recreation, and Development Act (WPCCRDA).  
These parcels are not required for any other  
Federal purposes, and their disposal would be in  
the public interest and in furtherance of the intent  
of the WPCCRDA.  
The TRHCA (Pub. L. 109-432),  
section 1101(b), provides that Federal land  
described in subsection (a) of that Act is withdrawn  
from all forms of entry and appropriation under  
public land laws and mining laws; all minerals will  
be retained by the Federal Government. A Mining  
Law Withdrawal Environmental Assessment was  
completed on June 7, 2013. A Finding of No Significant  
Impact and Decision Record, dated September 12,  
2019, were completed in conjunction with this  
notice of realty action.  
According to the LCCRDA (Pub. L.  
108-424), the Federal lands identified within the  
Ely Resource Management Plan are withdrawn  
from location under the Federal mining laws and  
from operation under the mineral and geothermal  
leasing laws until such time as the Secretary of the  
Interior (Secretary) terminates the withdrawal or  
the lands are patented. In accordance with the LCCRDA  
and WPCCRDA, 45 percent of the revenue  
generated by this sale will be used for archaeological  
resources, natural resources, recreation, and  
wilderness planning, and other opportunities in Lincoln  
and White Pine County respectively. Also, 35  
percent of the revenue will go to the State of Nevada  
General Education Fund and 10 percent of the revenue  
will go to Lincoln or White Pine County  
respectively.  
The following National Environmental Policy Act  
documents apply to this proposed land sale.  
Separate environmental assessments were  
prepared for the parcels in each county. The Lincoln  
County parcels are analyzed in DOI-BLM-NV-L030-2015-  
0027-EA (https://eplanning.blm.gov/eplanning-ui/project/7654/510)  
and DOI-BLM-NV-L030-2015-0026-EA (https://eplanning.blm.gov/eplanning-  
ui/project/72496/510). The White Pine  
County parcels are analyzed in DOI-  
BLM-NV-L030-2018-0002-EA (https://  
eplanning.blm.gov/eplanning-ui/  
project/104342/510).  
Submit comments to the address in the  
ADDRESSES section. Before including your  
address, phone number, email address, or other personally  
identifiable information in your comment, you  
should be aware that your entire comment—including any  
personally identifiable information—may be made  
publicly available at any time. While you can ask us in your comment to  
withhold your personally identifiable  
information from public review, we cannot  
guarantee that we will be able to do so.  
Any comments regarding the proposed sale will be reviewed by the  
BLM Ely District Office Manager, who may sustain, vacate, or modify this  
realty action in response to such comments. In the absence of timely adverse comments, this realty action  
will become the final determination of the authorized officer.  
The use of the modified competitive sale method is consistent with 43 CFR 2711.3–2.  
Public lands may be offered for sale by competitive bidding using bidding procedures  
determined by the authorized officer depending on it is necessary based on public interest. Consistent with Executive Order 14008, Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad,  
the BLM believes that a modified auction format would maximize the  
opportunity for public involvement while reducing greenhouse gas emissions  
that would result from bidders traveling to Ely. Additionally, utilizing an online auction would  
increase the opportunity for participation by qualified bidders.  
The regulations at 43 CFR 2711.2  
state that qualified conveyees shall be:  
(1) A citizen of the United States 18  
years of age or older;  
(2) A person who is subject to the laws  
of any State or of the United States;  
(3) A State, State instrumentality, or  
political subdivision authorized to hold  
real property; or  
(4) An entity legally capable of conveying and holding lands or  
interests in lands under the laws of the  
State of Nevada.  
The successful bidder must submit proof of citizenship or articles of incorporation (as applicable) must be  
provided to the BLM EYDO for each  
sale.  
The EnergyNet auction website is  
viewable by the public in real-time;  
however, you must register as a bidder  
with EnergyNet to place bids for a parcel during the auction. The online auction website will be active  
for ten (10) days after the date of this notice  
and will remain available for viewing until  
the completion of the auction. The available  
date for the auction will be listed in detail on the EnergyNet  
website. Interested parties may visit the website  
at https://www.energynet.com/page/Government_Land_Sales_Participation. Support documentation is available on the EnergyNet website to familiarize users with the bidding process and to answer frequently asked questions.  
Potential bidders are encouraged to visit the EnergyNet website at least ten (10) days prior to the start of the open bidding period to review the bidding instructions available at https://www.energynet.com/page/Government_Land_Sales_Participation. Support documentation is available on the EnergyNet website to familiarize users with the bidding process and to answer frequently asked questions.  
Potential bidders may register for the online auction when the auction website is active. To participate in the BLM bidding process, you must register with EnergyNet and obtain a bidder  
number. Rules for online bidding will be available prior to the sale date on the EnergyNet website at https://  
www.energynet.com/page/Government_Land_Sales_Participation. Click on the orange “Register for Sale”  
button on the blue “Ely District 2024 Land Sale” banner. To view the parcels, click on the light blue “View Listings”  
button on the “Ely District 2024 Land Sale” banner to obtain maps and get information on how to place online  
bids via the internet for the sale. A separate, online internet bid is a  
binding offer to purchase.  
To participate in this sale, prospective buyers must create an EnergyNet  
account, complete the EnergyNet Bidding Terms Agreement, request a bid  
allowance, and register for the Ely District 2024 Land Sale. EnergyNet may require up to a minimum of five (5) business days to determine the bidder’s financial  
qualifications. Additional information for  
subscribing to register with EnergyNet may be  
found at https://www.energynet.com/  
page/Government_Land_Sales_Participation.  
Participation Fees  
Assistance with creating an EnergyNet  
account and registering for the sale is  
available by contacting EnergyNet’s Customer  
Services Department at 877–351-4488. Use the following link to create a Buyer’s Account: https://  
www.EnergyNet.com/bidder_  
reg.php?Registration_choice=government.  
After the account is created, follow the  
link “Submit Bank Information Online”  
