# Microstructures of Alloy B in As-Cast and SHTed (8 h) Conditions

Fig. Microstructures of alloy B in as-cast and SHTed (8 h) conditions: and EBSD results of 1-Fe in (b) and STed /-Fe in (b).

# Table III. Chemical Compositions of Iron-Rich Intermetallics in the As-Cast and SHTed Conditions

|Conditions|Iron-Rich Intermetallics|Al|Mn|Fe|Cu| |
|---|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|As-cast|1-Fe|70.92 + 0.76|7.8 + 0.35|3.15 + 0.25|13.21 + 0.42| |
|SHTed (8 h)|B-Fe|70.28 + 0.67|1.57 + 0.21|7.51 + 0.31|20.64 = 0.58| |
| |J-Fe|74.43 + 0.82|6.68 - 0.46|3.54 + 0.31|9.92 - 0.23| |
| |STed 6-Fe|75.10 + 0.85| |1.42 + 0.12|7.27 E 0.25|16.21 = 0.56|

Contents of Mn and Si, which is consistent with the SHT for 8 hours. As shown in Figure 2(c), however, the EBSD results with a mean angular deviation (MAD) of 0.452, lower than 0.7 which is considered to be critical for an accurate solution, indicate that this phase is still the %-Fe (body-centered cubic with a size of 1.265 nm). Moreover, the platelet-like intermetallic phase formed during the SHT has a similar chemical composition to the /-Fe obtained in the as-cast condition (Table II) and thus is termed as solid-state-transformed B-Fe (STed 8-Fe) to distinguish it from the B-Fe directly precipitated from liquid metal during solidification. The formation of the STed B-Fe is further confirmed by a low MAD value of 0.258 as measured by EBSD (Figure 2(d)). The STed B-Fe is most likely to have the same crystal structure as the solidified /-Fe (tetragonal with a size of 0.634 nm and 1.488 nm) due to their similar diffraction patterns. However, the STed /-Fe has lower Cu content than the B-Fe (Table II), and the replacement of the Cu by Al.

3496 VOLUME 44A. AUGUST 2013 METALLURGICAL AND MATERIALS TRANSACTIONS A