# Creating new value; building blocks for the future

Process in 2018. From 2013 to 2018, Breakthrough Therapy Designations increased from four to 39, and Fast Track Designations increased from 21 to 85. Most drugs approved through the accelerated approval process treat conditions that are debilitating, deadly, and have few or no other treatments. Tracking new drugs is becoming a new normal but there are still concerns over quality, safety, and costs.

Beginning in 2020, the US FDA anticipates 200 applications for gene and cell therapies per year: To gear up for this wave, the US FDA is hiring 50 new clinical reviewers.

China's overhaul of regulations in recent years brought a fast-track approval process and a potential local study waiver for products targeting rare diseases or diseases with substantial unmet needs. Since then, China has experienced exponential growth in new approvals and a significant reduction in drug lag, compared with the US FDA and EMA.

In Europe, the fast-tracking approval process is called PRIME, PRIority MEdicines. A recent two-year study on PRIME by the EMA found that this general principle is almost completely inverted when it comes to cell and gene therapy:

Scott Gottlieb; MD; former commissioner; US FDA

# FIGURE 14

Chinese Food & Drug Administration (CFDA) gave more new approvals and reduced drug lags compared with US FDA and EMA (in months)

|Year|Drug Lags Compared to FDA and EMA (in months)|
|---|---|
|2010|85 MONTHS|
|2011|84 MONTHS|
|2012| |
|2013| |
|2014| |
|2015|28 MONTHS|
|2016|31 MONTHS|
|2017| |
|2018| |

Source: David Xie, Xiaofeng Li, and An Li, The rewards of regulatory change: Launching innovative biopharma in China, Deloitte Insights, April 18, 2019.