By contrast, China, consumers were less likely to switch stores to save money: Instead, they opted to buy their preferred brand in smaller quantities. Globally, almost one in four consumers said they do this: Many consumer-goods companies have introduced smaller pack sizes; allowing consumers to sample and, in time, become loyal to established brands. Colgate-Palmolive, for instance, has long sold its oral-care and household products in small packets and sachets.

In Central and West Africa, Nestle launched an initiative called My Own Business, through which entrepreneurs sell hot coffee by the cup from specially designed backpacks; The initiative has made loyal Nescafe drinkers out of consumers who might not be able to afford an entire tin of instant coffee.

The waning appeal of 'natural' and 'organic' products is evident. Worldwide, 31 percent more consumers said they're eating healthier food, continuing a trend observed over the past two years. However, the latest survey results also show that consumers today aren't necessarily equating healthy eating with buying products that are labeled "natural" or "organic."

In Western Europe, there is still some growth adhering to natural and organic products. For example, in Italy and France, survey respondents who claimed to have increased their purchases of natural and organic products outnumbered those who said they'd reduced such purchases, by 13 percent. Western European consumers are also continuing to show greater interest in buying locally sourced food.

But in the United States, consumers seem not to be too concerned about whether food products are labeled either natural, organic, or locally sourced. Instead, among US consumers, eating healthy increasingly means carefully reading nutrition information and ingredient lists. This is in part because more US consumers are adhering to a specific "food lifestyle." Another recent McKinsey survey showed that 10 percent of consumers across all age groups say they stick to a low-carb or high-protein diet. Some consumers eat only dairy-free foods. Other food lifestyles include gluten-free, vegetarian, and paleo.

Responding to this trend, CPG companies are either launching new products and brands of their own or by acquiring smaller, fast-growing health-and-wellness players. General Mills now has nearly 1,000 gluten-free options in the US market alone; Mars took a minority stake in KIND Snacks, which was among the first companies to participate in the clean labeling movement (meaning that its list of ingredients typically is short, simple, and contains no artificial additives).

Max Magni, senior partner in McKinsey's New Jersey office, Anne Martinez, specialist in the Stamford office, Rukhshana Motiwala, expert in the New York office, and Alex Rodriguez, partner in the Miami office.

# What China’s Grocers Need: A Recipe for Reinvention