# Innovation and technology

Automation technologies can be broadly grouped into three categories:

1. Robotic Process Automation (RPA): The simplest form of automation, RPA technology automates repetitive rule-based processes. This technology cannot learn, adapt or make decisions; an RPA bot simply applies a consistent set of rules to a process to deliver quick and efficient outcomes. Many manual administrative processes can be streamlined in this way.

Machine learning: At the next level is machine learning; where computer is able to use large volumes of data to understand and predict the desired course of action, with performance improving over time. Chat-bots are a good example of machine learning being used today in the financial sector. These bots use technologies such as natural language processing (NLP) to communicate in real time with human customers, use data from past interactions to understand the nature of the customer's query, and provide the desired information or response.

Cognitive augmentation: Cognitive augmentation is the closest we currently have to true artificial intelligence. Cognitive computers, such as IBM's Watson, are able to handle unstructured data and provide answers to complex queries, enabling them to complete tasks that could once only be performed by humans.

Though these categories denote levels of complexity, it is better not to think of automation technologies as stages through which an organization must progress. Instead, each technology is best suited to particular types of work and may be used in concert to achieve larger goals.

Intelligent automation (IA) is a term increasingly applied to this concept of combining multiple automation technologies to solve complex business issues. For example, organizations are looking to use RPA with machine learning, NLP, and digital character recognition to help address regulatory compliance challenges and process high-volume, low-complexity insurance claims.

Source: Robotics Revolution, 2018, KPMG in Luxembourg

Frontiers in Finance | 37