# Global Powers of Retailing 2020 Product sector analysis

| |Top 250|Apparel and accessories|Fast-moving consumer goods|Hardlines and leisure goods|Diversified|
|---|---|---|---|---|---|
|FY2013-2018|Retail revenue CAGR|Retail revenue growth|Profit margin|Net|ROA|
|Sales-weighted, currency-adjusted composites|Compound annual growth rate| | | | |

Source: Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited. Global Powers of Retailing 2020. Analysis of financial performance and operations for fiscal years ended through 30 June 2019 using company annual reports; Supermarket News, Forbes America's largest private companies and other sources.

# Apparel and accessories

Retailers in apparel and accessories recorded the best bottom-line performance among the four product sectors, with a composite net profit margin of 8.3 percent in FY2018, 2.3 percentage points more than the previous year. The sector also achieved the highest return on assets (9.4 percent); 1.6 percentage points higher than in FY2017. Retailers in this sector were the most international, generating 38.5 percent of revenues from foreign operations, with companies having presence in just 30 countries on average. However, the sector's contribution to the total revenue of the Top 250 retailers was just 9.7 percent, with companies recording average revenue of USD 11.8 billion.

# Fast-moving consumer goods

With the largest number of companies (136) in the list, the fast-moving consumer goods (FMCG) product sector is the main contributor to the Top 250 metrics, with retailers generating USD 23.2 billion on average in FY2018. The focus of FMCG retailers is largely on their home country operations, with companies generating only 21.5 percent of their sales from foreign countries. The FMCG sector recorded the lowest profitability among the product sectors, with a composite net profit margin of 2.0 percent.

Some of the key factors that have led to the sector's positive momentum amid store closures of various department stores are the increase in e-commerce websites and greater emphasis on improvements in in-store shopping experience for customers. TJX, LVMH, Inditex, Macy's, and H&M were the biggest revenue contributors in the sector in FY2018, each with retail revenue above USD 20 billion. Richemont and Zalando achieved the highest rates of revenue growth. Overall revenue growth for the sector was 4 percent on a sales-weighted currency adjusted composite basis, which was higher than the Top 250 (4.1 percent).

Retailers in the US, despite rising manufacturing costs, slashed prices of food and grocery items due to intensified competition between high-volume retailers such as Costco, Walmart, Kroger, and Target. In efforts to compete with Amazon, FMCG retailers have been employing strategies such as greater focus on buy-online-pickup in-store, cashier-less stores, opening more convenience stores, voice-enabled shopping, and doorstep delivery. Retailers in this sector contributed 66.5 percent of the total revenue of the Top 250, and Reliance, Pan Pacific, BiM Birlesik, Chedraui, A101, and Maxima Grupe all achieved revenue growth in excess of 20 percent in FY2018.