# Strategic plays for the future

Gture and dynamics under way, suppliers IVEN the transformation of industry struc-will likely need to consider how well their portfolio of businesses is positioned to address the transition. That could require simultaneously assessing volume and commoditization risks to cer-tain parts of their portfolio, while thinking through investments potentially required to monetize new opportunities in other parts of their portfolio. Key

choices they face could include where to embrace new business models and offerings,whether to in-novate into new product segments,and how to cre-ate and sustain advantage in the traditional parts and supply business given the market's changing competitive dynamics.In this section,we offer five potential plays for differ-ent types of businesses suppliers have in their portfolios. Itis important

to realize that these strategic plays are not mutu-ally exclusive, nor are they“sequential strategies.”Suppliers could make these choices simultaneously,and different strategies could apply to parts of their business portfolios.

Consider figure 3, starting on the x-axis. Supplier businesses in largely commoditized segments,where performance innovation in the future is likely to be minimal, may need to consider different stra-tegic plays than suppliers that operate in businesses

with sustained, rich, consumer-driven innovation opportunities. From each starting point, suppliers can consider whether they want to achieve growth in the future from continued focus on sales of parts,or through new business models that potentially take them into new roles in the mobility ecosystem (mov-ing upward on the y-axis).

Figure 3 illustrates the five potential strategic plays.Supplier businesses in more commoditized seg-

ments can make three potential plays:(a)win Winning on cost and on cost and scale, (b) find a differentiated niche,scale could require and (c) go beyond the core of automotive supply a massive footprint els. Those starting with into new business mod-in order to serve businesses that today are increasingly global entiating performance driven heavily by differ-OEM platforms. tomers are willing to pay innovation for which cuS-more face a core choice whether to remain tradi-tional suppliers and (d)

lead performance innovation or (e) trailblaze into new mobility business models centered on differen-tiated offerings.

# Win on cost and scale

Some may choose to remain traditional suppliers to the major automotive manufacturers. For many parts and components that face commoditization,

