1. **(20%) Determine whether the following statements are true or false. If it is true write a \(\bigcirc\) otherwise a \(\times\) in the bracket before the statement.** 1. ( ) Let \(L\) be any regular language. Then the number of equivalence classes respect to language \(L\) (i.e. \(x\approx_{L}y\), if for all \(z\in\Sigma^{*}\), \(xz\in L\) iff \(yz\in L\) ) is finite. 2. ( ) The language \(\{a^{n}b^{n}w|w\in\{a,b\}^{*},n\in\mathbb{N},\text{ and }|w|=2n\}\) is context-free. 3. ( ) The language \(\{``M"\,``w"|M\text{ accepts }w\text{ in less than 2016 steps }\}\) is not recursive. 4. ( ) The language \(\{``M"\ |\ M\text{ is a TM and }L(M)\text{ is Context-free but }L(M)\text{ is not regular}\}\) is not recursive. 5. ( ) The language \(\{``M_{1}"\,``M_{2}"\ |\ M_{1}\text{ and }M_{2}\text{ are TMs, and }M_{1}\text{ halts on }e\text{ but }M_{2}\text{ doesn't halt on }e\}\) is recursively enumerable, but not recursive. 6. ( ) The set of all primitive recursive functions is a proper subset of the set of all \(\mu\)-recursive functions. 7. ( ) Let \(A\) and \(B\) be two disjoint recursively enumerable languages. If \(\overline{A\cup B}\) is also be recursively enumerable, then it is possible that neither \(A\) nor \(B\) is decidable. 8. ( ) Let \(H_{10}=\{``M"|M\text{ is a TM and }10\in L(M)\}\) and \(\tau_{1}\) and \(\tau_{2}\) are recursive functions. If \(H_{10}\leq_{\tau_{1}}L\) and \(\overline{H_{10}}\leq_{\tau_{2}}L\), then \(L\) is recursive enumerable but not recursive. 1. ( ) Suppose \(\mathbf{SAT}\leq_{P}L\) and \(L\in\mathbb{P}\). Then \(\mathbb{P}=\mathbb{NP}\). 2. ( ) Let \(H=\{``M"\,``w"|\text{ TM }M\text{ halts on input string }w\}\), then \(H\) is \(\mathbb{NP}\)-complete.