**Two Kentucky Cave Beetles (Louisville Cave Beetles (_Pseudanophthalmus troglodytes_) and Tatum Cave Beetle (_Pseudanophthalmus pervus_)

_Previous Federal Actions_

The Louisville cave beetle and Tatum Cave beetle were added to the Federal list of candidate species in the November 15, 1994, CNOR (59 FR 58982) as Category 2 species. Category 2 candidate species were identified as those taxa for which the Service possessed information indicating proposing to list the taxa was possibly appropriate, but for which conclusive data on biological vulnerability and threats sufficient to support a proposed listing rule was lacking. The February 28, 1996, CNOR (61 FR 7596) discontinued recognition of categories, so both species were no longer considered candidate species and were therefore removed from the candidate list.

In the October 30, 2001, CNOR, the Service re-evaluated both cave beetle species, and placed them back on the candidate list through the Service's own internal process with an LPN of 5 (66 FR 54808). The Service received a petition from the Center for Biological Diversity and others, dated May 11, 2004, to list eight cave beetles, including the Louisville cave beetle and Tatum Cave beetle, as endangered or threatened species. In the May 11, 2005, CNOR (70 FR 24870), the Service determined that listing the Louisville cave beetle and Tatum Cave beetle was warranted but precluded by higher priority listing decisions. Further, we have included both species addressed in this finding in every CNOR since 2001 (see October 30, 2001 (66 FR 54808); June 13, 2002 (67 FR 40657); May 4, 2004 (69 FR 24876); May 11, 2005 (70 FR 24870); September 12, 2006 (71 FR 83756), December 6, 2007 (72 FR 86034), December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75176), November 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804), November 10, 2010 (75 FR 69222), October 26, 2011 (76 FR 66370), November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69994), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104), December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584)).**

_Background_

These two species are small (about 4 mm (0.16 in) in length), predatory cave beetles that occupy moist habitats containing organic matter transported from sources outside the cave environment. Members of the _Pseudanophthalmus_ genus vary in rarity from fairly widespread species that are returned in many caves to species that are extremely rare and commonly restricted to one or only a few cave habitats. The Louisville cave beetle is restricted to four caves in Jefferson _Pseudanophthalmus_ genus. However, we have no evidence that these stressors are operative threats that are adversely affecting _P. troglodytes_ at a population level.

_Summary of Status Review_

When the Louisville cave beetle and Tatum Cave beetle, we have no evidence suggesting that the species is still extant in Tatum Cave. The species was relatively abundant (20 individuals) in Tatum Cave when first observed by C. H. Krekeler in 1957, but the species appeared to be less common in 1965, when T. C. Barr observed only two individuals. Since 1965, extensive surveys of Tatum Cave have been completed on eight separate occasions, using search techniques similar to those used by C. H. Krekeler and T. C. Barr (_i.e._, methodical visual searches of all available habitats). Three of these survey efforts also involved the use of batied pitfall traps (small cups buried in the substrate and baied with limburger cheese) placed in several locations within Tatum Cave for a period of one week. Despite all of these searches, no Tatum Cave beetles have been observed in Tatum Cave since the last observation by Barr in 1965 (a period of 51 years).

The Tatum Cave beetle is small in size and may be more difficult to locate than some cave organisms; however, both Krekeler and Barr were able to find the species using methodical, visual searches of suitable habitats in Tatum Cave. Subsequent researchers have used identical search methods on eight separate occasions in the exact same habitats within Tatum Cave, but no Thesteles have been observed. Therefore, based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information, the Service believes the Tatum Cave beetle to be extinct. We acknowledge that it is difficult, if not impossible, to verify a species' extinction. There is considerable uncertainty about the actual status of the species, and we acknowledge that, as suggested by Lewis and Lewis, there is some chance that the species remains extant but occurs in low numbers and is simply undetectable using traditional search methods. However, considering the best available scientific and commercial information, we believe that it is reasonable to conclude that the species is extinct. The Service encourages continued surveys for the Tatum Cave beetle in Tatum Cave, as acknowledge that caves within the subsequently found to be extant, we can reevaluate its legal status under the Act in the future.