### Finding

Louisville Cave Beetle

Based our review of the best available scientific and commercial information pertaining to the Act's five threat factors and our review of the species' status, we conclude that the Louisville cave beetle is not subject to the degree of threats sufficient to indicate that it is in danger of extinction (an endangered species), or likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future (a threatened species), throughout all of its range.

We evaluated the current range of the Louisville cave beetle to determine if there is any apparent geographic concentration of potential threats for this species. It has a relatively small range that is limited to four caves. We examined potential stressors including human visitation and disturbance, commercial and residential development, sources of water quality impairment, and small population size. We found no concentration of stressors that suggests that the species may be in danger of extinction in any portion of its range. Therefore, we find that listing the Louisville cave beetle as an endangered species or a threatened species under the Act throughout all or a significant portion of its range is not warranted at this time, and consequently we are removing it from candidate status.

### Tatum Cave Beetle

A review of the best available scientific and commercial information, leads us to believe that the Tatum Cave beetle is extinct, and, as such, it is not eligible for listing as an endangered species or a threatened species under the Act. Therefore, we did not further evaluate whether the Tatum Cave beetle is in danger of extinction throughout its range (an endangered species), likely to become in danger of extinction throughout its range in the foreseeable future (a threatened species), or whether the species is an endangered or threatened species in a significant portion of its range.

Therefore, we find that listing the Louisville cave beetle and Tatum Cave beetle as endangered or threatened species under the Act throughout all or a significant portion of their respective ranges is not warranted at this time, and consequently we are removing both species from candidate status.

As a result of the Service's 2011 multidistrict litigation settlement with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service is required to submit a proposed listing rule or a not-warranted 12-month finding to the **Federal Register** by September 30, 2016 (In re: Endangered LPN of 8 for the species through the 2015 CNOR (see November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69994), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104), December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584)). In 2010, we recognized the scientific name of the relict leopard frog as _Lithobotes oncea_ (see November 10, 2010 (75 FR 69222)).

### Background

Relict leopard frogs are endemic to the Colorado, Virgin, Santa Clara, and Muddy Rivers and associated springs in Nevada, Arizona, and Utah. Relict leopard frogs appear to require habitat heterogeneity (consisting of diverse habitat types) in the aquatic and terrestrial environments. Relict leopard frogs historically occupied a variety of habitats including springs, streams, and wetlands characterized by clean, clear water with various depths, and cover such as submerged, emergent, and perimeter vegetation. Nonnative predators such as Louisiana red swamp crayfish (_Procamburas clarki_), American bullfogs (_Lithobotes catesbeiana_), and nonnative fish are associated with extirpation of relict leopard frogs.

The relict leopard frog currently occurs at 8 natural sites--three in the Northshore Springs Complex (along the base of the Muddy Mountains near the Overton Arm area of Lake Mead) and five in the Black Canyon (below Lake Mead). Natural sites are those sites that support wild populations of relict leopard frogs that were not established through translocation effort.

The Northshore Springs Complex and Black Canyon populations represent distinct relic leopard frog was precluded by higher priorities; metapopulation consists of smaller, spatially separated populations that occasionally interact through the movement of individuals between them, but do not interact with the other metapopuation. Within the Northshore Springs Complex, dispersal of relict leopard frogs may be possible between Blue Point and Rogers Springs. Migration and dispersal among sites also appears likely in Black Canyon but not between the two metapopulations. In addition to natural sites, relict leopard frogs were introduced to 15 sites, 11 of which are extant. Introduction sites are those estimated by deliberately translocating relict leopard frogs to suitable habitat within the assumed historical range. All extant natural and introduction sites occur on lands managed by the National Park Service (NPS), Bureau of Land Management (BLM). Bureau of Reclamation (BR), and the Service. There is low genetic variation within