believed to be affecting the species at present, it appears many of them were largely historical, were less significant than previously thought, have been mitigated, or could be managed to alleviate many of the effects on the species. The sicklefin redhorse sucker likely experienced substantial range contraction associated with dam construction, power generation, and historical habitat degradation early in the 20th century, but the remaining populations appear to have stabilized within the present conditions and are successfully spawning and recruiting in four primary river drainages accessible from Hiwassee and Fontana Reservoirs.

In the future, we expect human population growth and land development to be primary factors affecting habitat quality in the range of the sicklefin redhorse sucker. However, compared to historical land use effects, we expect the effect of these future activities to be minimized by more stringent State and local land quality regulations, such as are required by current regulations for land development and water quality, and a trend of diminishing agriculture in the area. Improvements in land use practices are likely attributable to the modern regulatory environment that provides protection to the stream environment. The Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act of 1934 (16 U.S.C. 661 _et seq._). North Carolina Environmental Policy Act of 1971, Clean Water Act of 1972 (33 U.S.C. 1251 _et seq._), North Carolina Sediment and Pollution Control Act of 1973, Georgia Erosion and Sedimentation Act of 1975, as well as other regulatory actions, were enacted to control the effects of land development and pollution on the aquatic environment. Historical records indicate that the existing populations of the sicklefin redhorse sucker have persisted through significant agricultural land disturbance that resulted in considerable sedimentation of its habitat, indicating that the sicklefin redhorse sucker is likely able to tolerate moderate land disturbance. Rural development and the growth of several small towns within the range of the sicklefin redhorse sucker appear to be the dominant forms of land use disturbance. Rural development is limited in certain areas due to large portions of the watershed that are permanently protected by inclusion in the Nantahala and Chattahoochee National Forests. The region is currently experiencing a trend of diminishing agricultural land use, indicating that widespread conversion to farmland is not likely. Commercial development is likely to be limited by a lack of large metropolitan areas or interstate highways that would facilitate rapid growth. The trend of high suspended sediment yield in the range of the sicklefin redhorse sucker appears to have improved over the last few decades. Increasing environmental regulation, greater public awareness, and the actions of governmental and nongovernment organizations to improve water quality conditions have resulted in considerable improvements in suspended sediment rates. Therefore, we expect existing regulations for land development and water quality to adequately maintain habitat quality, and we anticipate that the species is likely to persist into the future even with the expected increase in development.

The sicklefin redhorse sucker is provided additional protection by State endangered species regulations and association with other federally listed species. It is listed as threatened by the State of North Carolina and endangered by the State of Georgia. Both States prohibit direct take of the species and the collection of the fish for scientific purposes without a valid State collecting permit. In the unimounded portions of the mainstems of the Little Tennessee River and Tuckasgee River where the sicklefin redhorse sucker occurs, the species' habitat is indirectly provided Federal protection through the Act, where the mainstream portions of both of these rivers are designated as critical habitat for the endangered Appalachchain elktoe (_Alasmidonta raveneliana_ (a mussel). In addition to the Appalachian elktoe, the portion of the Little Tennessee River where the sicklefin redhorse sucker occurs also supports populations of the enlarged little-wing pearlymussel (_Pegias fahula_) and the threatened spotfin chub (_Erimonax monachus_) and is also designated as critical habitat for the spotfin chub.

Substantial public land ownership in the watersheds occupied by the sicklelefin redhorse sucker provides partial protection to the watersheds. Approximately 43 percent of the land adjacent to waterways occupied this species is owned by State and Federal agencies or by nongovernmental conservation organizations. On these conserved properties, land development is prohibited, providing protection to buffers and potentially improving water quality throughout the watershed. Most of the land surrounding Hiwassee and Fontana Lakes is publicly owned, limiting shoreline development and protecting the near shore habitat used by juvenile sicklelefin redhorse suckers. The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians