_Finding_

Based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information pertaining to the Act's five threat factors, we conclude that the Huachuca-Canelo population of the Arizona treefrog does not meet the significance criterion of the DPS Policy, as detailed above and, therefore, is not a valid DPS under our DPS Policy. As a result, we find that the Huachuca-Canelo population of the Arizona treefrog is not a liable entity under section 3(16) of the Act. Therefore, we find that listing the Huachuca-Canelo population of Arizona treefrog as an endangered or a threatened species is not warranted throughout all or a significant portion of its range at this time, and consequently, we are removing it from candidate status.

As a result of the Service's 2011 multidistrict litigation settlement with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service is required to submit a proposed listing rule or a not-warranted 12-month finding to the **Federal Register** by September 30, 2016 (In re: Endangered Species Act Section 4 Deadline, No. 10-377 (EGS), MDL Docket No. 2165 (D.D.C. May 10, 2011)), for all 251 species that were included as candidate species in the Service's November 10, 2010, CNOR. This document satisfies the requirements of that settlement agreement for the Huachuca-Canelo population of the Arizona treefrog. A detailed discussion of the basis for this finding can be found in the species-specific assessment form for the Huachuca-Canelo population of the Arizona treefrog and other supporting documents (see **ADDRESSES**, above).

**Arkansas Darter (_Etheostoma eragini_)**

_Previous Federal Actions_

The Arkansas darter was first identified as a candidate for listing under the Act in 1989 (54 FR 554; January 6, 1989), as a Category 2 candidate species. Category 2 candidate species were identified as those taxa for which the Service possessed information indicating proposing to list the taxa was possibly appropriate, but for which conclusive data on biological vulnerability and threats sufficient to support a proposed listing rule was lacking. On February 28, 1996, the CNOR (61 FR 7596) discontinued recognition of Categories 1-3. Because listing the Arkansas darter was warranted but precluded, we assigned the species an LPN of 5. In 2002, we developed, confined-animal feeding operations, dams and reservoirs, salt cedar invasion, disease, and predation. Although localized negative effects have been observed, all of these stressors (other than water depletion) occur at a Arkansas darter. The Service published a 12-month finding in the **Federal Register** on May 11, 2005, with a reaffirmed determination that listing was warranted but precluded and that the taxon had an LPN of 11 (70 FR 24870). We have continued to evaluate the status of the candidate taxon through our annual CNOR and maintained the LPN of 11 for this initiative. Seasonal low flows and intermittency of streams are common within the Great Plains portion of its range, and it appears the species is adapted to this phenomenon. However, the continued existence of the species in these areas is dependent on localized areas of refugia. Typically refugia exist where groundwater flows come to the surface and create permanent pools or small wetland areas along the stream course. When seasonal precipitation occurs and the streams become flowing systems, typically in the spring, the stream then provides habitat for spawning, rearing, and dispersal of young and adult individuals throughout the watershed. Climate change projections forecast minimal change in average annual precipitation in the Arkansas River basin and do not forecast reduced or diminished streamflow as a result of future changes in precipitation patterns. Therefore, we do not expect to see climate-change-driven decreased trends in precipitation and related stream flows.

Water depletion results in decreased resiliency of populations affected in the portions of the range in southwestern Kansas, northwestern Oklahoma, and parts of Colorado, approximately 25 percent of the range. However, the species has enbured over 40 years of groundwater withdrawals in these areas, indicating continued resiliency of these populations. The large number of populations (80) spread across the multi-State range provides the Arkansas darter species with a high level of redundancy should a catastrophic event occur somewhere within its occupied range. Multiple populations and metapopulations currently occupying the unique ecological settings of the three unique physiologic areas, the same physiogeographic areas that this species was known to occupy historically, allow the species to maintain adaptive potential and the underlying genetic makeup to adapt to changing environmental conditions.

Over the next 30 years, under our expected scenario, we are likely to see