listing is appropriate; we require evidence that these stressors are operative threats to the species and its habitat, either singly or in combination, to the point that the species meets the definition of an endangered or a threatened species under the Act.

In making our 12-month findings, we considered and evaluated the best available scientific and commercial information regarding the past, present, and future stressors and threats. We reviewed the petition, information available in our files, and other available published and unpublished information. This evaluation may include information from recognized experts; Federal, State, and tribal governments; academic institutions; foreign governments: private entities, and other members of the public.

**Arizona Treefrog, Huachuca-Canelo Population (_Hyla urightorum_)**

_Previous Federal Actions_

In our annual candidate notice of review (CNOR) published on December 6, 2007 (72 F 69034), we recognized the Huachuca-Canelo population of the Arizona treefrog as a candidate for choosing breeding habitat than previously thought. In addition, the species likely occurs in other wet canyons with suitable breeding habitat in the Huachuca Mountains, and perhaps in cienegas in the vicinity of Rancho Los Fresnos.

The Huachuca-Canelo DPS of the Arizona treefrog was originally defined based on the historical locations. However, recently the Service has received information on Arizona treefrog locations nearby, but outside of, the DPS area. This new information, along with many new location detections in the Huachuca Mountains and Canelo Hills, indicates that the Arizona treefrog is not only more numerous, but is much more widespread than we knew when the Service made this Arizona treefrog a candidate species as a DPS. There are now approximately more than 30 known localities in Arizona in the Huachuca Mountains and Canelo Hills, and the Arizona treefrog also occurs in areas outside of the DPS boundary, but within the vicinity of the Huachuca Mountains and Canelo Hills.

_Background_

The Arizona treefrog (_Hyla_

_wrightorum_) is a small (4.6 centimeters (cm) (1.8 inches (in)) green frog with a dark everspine that extends past the shoulder onto the side of the body, and sometimes to the groin area. It occurs in Madrean oak woodland and savannah, pine- oak woodland, mixed conifier forest, and Plains grasslands at elevations of approximately 1,525 to 2,590 meters (m) (5,000 to 8,500 feet (fi)), and requires ponds for successful reproduction.

The Arizona treefrog is known to occur within Arizona, New Mexico, and Population Segments (DPS Policy) published in the **Federal Register** on February 7, 1996 (61 FR 4722). The DPS Policy sets forth there elements for the Service to consider in determining whether a vertebrate population is a DPS that warrants listing: Whether the population is discrete and whether the population is significant. If the population is determined to be both discrete and significant, then the DPS Policy requires the Service to evaluate the conservation status of the population to determine whether the population falls within the Act's definition of an "endangered species" or of a "threatened species."

On the basis of the best available scientific and commercial information, and in accordance with our DPS Policy, we conclude that the Huachuca-Canelo population of Arizona treefrog has continued to persist in Arizona sky island mountain range and Plains grassland habitats, and the treefrog has recently been found in new locations within grasslands and eicenegas (a swamp or marsh, especially one formed and fed by springs) in Arizona. These new locations in varied habitats indicate that the Arizona treefrogs may be less selective in choosing breeding habitat than previously thought. In addition, the species likely occurs in other wet canyons with suitable breeding habitat in the Huachuca Mountains, and perhaps in cienegas in the vicinity of Rancho Los Fresnos.

The Huachuca-Canelo DPS of the Arizona treefrog was originally defined based on the historical locations. However, recently the Service has received information on Arizona treefrog locations nearby, but outside of, the DPS area. This new information, along with many new location detections in the Huachuca Mountains and Canelo Hills, indicates that the Arizona treefrog is not only more numerous, but is much more widespread than we knew when the Service made this Arizona treefrog a candidate species as a DPS. There are now approximately more than 30 known localities in Arizona in the Huachuca Mountains and Canelo Hills, indicates that the adaptation or behavioral advantage that would indicate that the persistence in the Huachuca Mountains and Canelo Hills are also is biologically or ecologically important to the taxon as a whole.

Moreover, we considered the other three considerations that the DPS Policy sets out for evaluating significance, and none of them provides evidence that the Hauchuca-Canelo population is significant to the Arizona treefrog as a whole: (1) Loss of the Huachuca-Canelo population would not result in a significant gap in the range; (2) the Huachuca-Canelo population does not represent the only surviving natural occurrence of the Arizona treefrog; and (3) the Huachuca-Canelo population's genetic characteristics do not differ markedly from those of other Arizona treefrog populations.