{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"Moore is only barely conscious (hp 1) and can offer no further information. Any additional questions are met with incoherent babbling, even if the heroes heal his wounds.\n\nThe trapdoor opens onto an underground storage room filled with even more fertilizer, plus a wide array of other chemicals. Any hero who makes a successful DC 15 Knowledge (physical sciences) check realizes that Moore has far more fertilizer than is required for a farm this size. A successful DC 15 Demolitions check reveals that Moore has all the makings for an enormous bomb. The heroes may want to use this material later in the adventure, perhaps to create a bomb to deal with O.S.C.A.R. (see below).\n\nBeyond the Fields\n\nThe zombies have blazed a trail of sorts that allows relatively easy travel through the cornfield to O.S.C.A.R.'s bunker. O.S.C.A.R. has already started to process another incantation as the heroes approach. Read or paraphrase the following aloud.\n\nThe slimy trail snakes a rambling route through the tall corn, illuminated by an occasional flash of lightning. After a few hundred yards, the corn abruptly parts to reveal a squat concrete building similar to an electrical utility shed. Power lines from the nearby towers stretch to connect with it.\n\nAbout two dozen yards from the bunker, two humanoid creatures apparently made of metal are standing beside a metallic utility box of some sort. They appear to be repairing something inside.\n\nSuddenly, the dull roar of the thunder is overlaid with an angry buzzing sound, as though someone has disturbed a hornet's nest.\n\nThe buzzing sound is a magical side effect of demolish, the next incantation that O.S.C.A.R. is preparing. (This incantation was created with Seed: Destroy. See Chapter 3: Spells in the Urban Arcana Campaign Setting and the New Incantations section at the end of this adventure.) The sound, while loud, has no effect other than to annoy those who hear it.\n\nCreatures: Next to the bunker, two of O.S.C.A.R.'s minion robots are working inside a metal utility box. Any character who makes a successful DC 10 Knowledge (technology) check recognizes it as a utility box for high-speed internet connections. The robots are attempting to restore O.S.C.A.R.'s T3 connection to the outside world.\n\nTactics: The robots need 2 more hours of work to finish repairing the connection. If they are hindered in any way, they turn on the intruders and attack, fighting until they are destroyed.\n\nDevelopment: A DC 15 Spot check reveals a plaque on the side of each robot that reads “Armitage.”\n\nD. O.S.C.A.R.'s Bunker\n\nA small, concrete bunker serves as the entrance to the O.S.C.A.R. mainframe. The building has no windows, and the metal door is secured with an electronic lock. (Because all electronics are affected by the magical storm, however, the Disable Device check to open it is lower than normal; see below.) A small plaque on the front of the building reads, “Property of Armitage Industries. NO TRESPASSING.”\n\nA video camera above the door transmits images to O.S.C.A.R. Before the T3 connection was severed, it sent them back to Armitage Industries as well.\n\nDoor: Hardness 10, 120 hp, Break DC 35, Disable Device DC 15.\n\nVideo Camera: Hardness 5, 2 hp.\n\n1. Entrance\n\nRead or paraphrase the following aloud when the heroes open the door to the bunker.\n\nThe door opens to reveal a small antechamber with a steep metal stairwell leading down. The industrial lights in the stairwell flicker and pulse, sometimes even changing colors.\n\nThe lights in the stairwell are malfunctioning because of the effects of O.S.C.A.R.’s magic.\n\nTrap: The entire floor of the entrance and first step of the stairwell are covered by a pressure pad that triggers a trap. If weight in excess of 5 kg is placed on the first step, the stairs fold over, creating a steep slope. Anyone on the stairs at this time must make a DC 25 Reflex save or slide at a speed of 50 feet per round, landing in a 30-foot-deep pit that opens just beneath the last step. The fall deals 3d6 points of damage (Reflex DC 13 half). A small hidden switch on the inside of the door (Search DC 25) deactivates the pressure pad. If the trap has been triggered, a flick of the switch restores the stairs to normal and resets the trap. An identical switch at the bottom of the stairs serves the same function.\n\n2. Stairwell\n\nThe stairs descend 150 feet into the earth and are quite steep. If the characters deactivate the trap (see above), they can use the stairs normally.\n\nThe metal door is secured with a mechanical lock. A plaque on the door reads “O.S.C.A.R.”\n\nDoor: Hardness 10, hp 120, Break DC 35, Disable Device DC 25.\n\n3. Tome Storage\n\nRead or paraphrase the following aloud when the heroes enter this area.\n\nThis chamber is lit with dim red bulbs. Lining the walls are floor-to-ceiling metal racks, each filled with row after row of neatly aligned, ancient-looking books, tomes, and scrolls. Set into the far wall is a window that reveals a high-tech mainframe computer in the next room. The lights in that chamber are flickering just as those in the stairwell did. A conveyor belt leads from this chamber into the one with the mainframe.\n\nFour robots stand in the middle of this room facing each other, their manipulator arms moving in complex gestures."}