{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"Dear Zhang Wei,\n\nI want to tell you about something amazing that I read. A blind man climbed Mt. Qomolangma! Can you believe it? I’m still surprised at this.\n\nEric Weihenmayer has been blind since he was 13. However, that has never stopped him from doing amazing things. After he became blind, he started mountain climbing.\n\nMost mountain climbers need to use their eyes to climb mountains. How can Eric do this without using his eyes? Well, Eric climbs by feeling with his hands and listening to the sounds around him. Eric always climbs with his friends. They wear special jackets with hanging bells, and he follows the sounds made by the bells.\n\nAfter training hard for many years, Eric decided to climb Mt. Qomolangma. Mountain climbing experts were very amazed when they heard this. The mountain called Qomolangma is very difficult to climb. Many people tried to climb it, but failed. The experts said he couldn’t do it, but Eric wasn’t worried.\n\nHis friends weren’t worried, either. They started the challenging climb. They climbed for 48 tiring days. On the last day of the climb, they couldn’t start until 9 p.m. because of bad weather. Climbing in the dark was challenging for Eric’s friends, but it wasn’t for Eric. Due to his blindness, he has been climbing that way his whole life. In the end, they reached the top of Mt. Qomolangma. They were very proud of themselves. Instead of feeling tired, they were very happy!\n\nWe should never give up our dreams!\n\nYour friend,\n\nSusan"}