{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"Instead, the consumer protection laws and other laws of her state regulate her business.\n\nThe Federal Trade Commission (FTC) is the agency of the U.S. government that promotes free and fair trade competition. The Bureau of Consumer Protection safeguards consumers against unfair, deceptive, or fraudulent practices. Both organizations investigate violations of federal consumer protection law.\n\n**Unfair and Deceptive Practices**\n\nAn unfair and deceptive practice is an act that misleads consumers. Most states have enacted either the Uniform Deceptive Trade Practices Act or their own similar laws. In Texas, for example, the Texas Deceptive Trade Practices Act (DTPA) was enacted to protect consumers against false, misleading, and deceptive business and insurance practices, and unconscionable actions and breach of warranty. Although state laws differ, all are similar to federal law. If you believe you are the victim of an unfair or deceptive practice, you might start by contacting the business with your complaint. Figure 15.1 provides an example of a complaint letter that you might send.\n\n**Virtual Law**\n\nInternet Auction Fraud\n\nBy far the most reported Internet-related offense is Internet auction fraud. According to the Internet Fraud Complaint Center, Internet auction fraud comprised over 46 percent of referred fraud complaints in 2002, nearly 8 percent more than the previous year. Nondelivery and payment comprised 31 percent of complaints and credit/debit card fraud were nearly 12 percent. (Source: IFCC 2002 Internet Fraud Report)\n\nConnect Visit the Web site for the Federal Trade Commission or related government site and find out what is being done to combat Internet auction fraud."}