{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"25. ---- ____ won the first place in the “Super Girl” singing competition?  \n        A. Who  \n        B. When  \n        C. Where  \n        D. Why\n\n26. Shops in big cities are ____ than those in the country.  \n        A. expensive  \n        B. more expensive  \n        C. most expensive  \n        D. the most expensive\n\n27. You ____ play football in the street. It’s too dangerous.  \n        A. wouldn’t  \n        B. needn’t  \n        C. mustn’t  \n        D. couldn’t\n\n28. It’s snowing now. You’d better ____ your car slowly on a snowy day.  \n        A. drive  \n        B. drove  \n        C. driving  \n        D. to drive\n\n29. My little brother asks me ____ him a story every day.  \n        A. tell  \n        B. told  \n        C. telling  \n        D. to tell\n\n30. Today, more and more people enjoy ____ things online.  \n        A. buy  \n        B. bought  \n        C. buying  \n        D. to buy\n\n31. Don’t turn on the radio. Grandpa ____ now.  \n        A. sleeps  \n        B. is sleeping  \n        C. has slept  \n        D. slept\n\n32. ---- Have you ever seen the cartoon Tom and Jerry?  \n        ---- Yes, I ____ it many times.  \n        A. see  \n        B. saw  \n        C. will see  \n        D. have seen\n\n33. ---- The pizza ____ by my mum just now. would you like to have some?  \n        ---- Yes, please.  \n        A. was made  \n        B. made  \n        C. is made  \n        D. makes\n\n34. ---- Could you please tell us ____ the Would Expo in Shanghai?  \n        ---- In July.  \n        A. when you will visit  \n        B. why you will visit  \n        C. when will you visit  \n        D. why will you visit\n\n35. ---- ____?  \n        ---- Yes, please. I want to buy some CDs for my son.  \n        A. How do you do  \n        B. What’s wrong with you  \n        C. Can I help you  \n        D. Is that Mary speaking\n\n36. I watched as my little brother was caught in the act. He was sitting in the corner of the living room, a ____ in one hand and my father’s hymnbook (赞美诗集) in the other.  \n\n37. As my father walked into the room, my brother cowered slightly (轻微地畏缩). He sensed that he had done something _____. I could see that he had ____ my father’s new hymnal and scribbled (乱涂) it in. Now he was waiting for his punishment.\n\n38. For my father, books were knowledge. They were important to him. And yet he loved his children. What he did next was _____. Instead of punishing my brother, he sat down, took the pen from my brother’s hand, and then wrote in the book himself, alongside the scribbles John had made: “____ work, 1959, age 2.” How many times have I looked into your beautiful face and into your warm eyes looking up at"}