{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"10. Proof. We omit (a) since it is standard. For (b), if \\( u \\) attains an interior maximum, then the conclusion follows from strong maximum principle. If not, then for some \\( x^0 \\in \\partial U, u(x^0) > u(x) \\forall x \\in U \\). Then Hopf’s lemma implies \\( \\frac{\\partial u}{\\partial v}(x^0) > 0 \\), which is a contradiction.\n\nRemark 2. A generalization of this problem to mixed boundary conditions is recorded in Gilbarg-TRUDINGER, Elliptic PDEs of second order, Problem 3.1.\n\n11. Proof. Define\n\n\\[\nB[u, v] = \\int_U \\sum_{i,j} a^{ij} u_{x_i} v_{x_j} \\, dx \\quad \\text{for} \\quad u \\in H^1(U), v \\in H^1_0(U).\n\\]\n\nBy Exercise 5.17, \\( \\phi(u) \\in H^1(U) \\). Then, for all \\( v \\in C^\\infty_c(U), v \\geq 0 \\),\n\n\\[\nB[\\phi(u), v] = \\int_U \\sum_{i,j} a^{ij} (\\phi(u))_{x_i} v_{x_j} \\, dx\n\\]\n\n\\[= \\int_U \\sum_{i,j} a^{ij} \\phi'(u) u_{x_i} v_{x_j} \\, dx, \\quad (\\phi'(u) \\text{ is bounded since } u \\text{ is bounded})\\]\n\n\\[= \\int_U \\sum_{i,j} a^{ij} u_{x_i} (\\phi'(u)v)_{x_j} - \\sum_{i,j} a_{ij} \\phi''(u) u_{x_i} u_{x_j} v \\, dx \\]\n\n\\[\\leq 0 - \\int_U \\phi''(u)v|Du|^2 \\, dx \\leq 0, \\text{ by convexity of } \\phi.\\]\n\n(We don’t know whether the product of two \\( H^1 \\) functions is weakly differentiable. This is why we do not take \\( v \\in H^1_0 \\).) Now we complete the proof with the standard density argument.\n\n12. Proof. Given \\( u \\in C^2(U) \\cap C(\\bar{U}) \\) with \\( Lu \\leq 0 \\) in \\( U \\) and \\( u \\leq 0 \\) on \\( \\partial U \\). Since \\( \\bar{U} \\) is compact and \\( v \\in C(\\bar{U}), \\ v \\geq c > 0 \\). So \\( w := \\frac{u}{v} \\in C^2(U) \\cap C(\\bar{U}) \\). Brutal computation gives us\n\n\\[\n-a^{ij} w_{x_i x_j} = -a^{ij} u_{x_i x_j} v + a^{ij} v_{x_i x_j} u + \\frac{a^{ij} v_{x_i} u_{x_j} - a^{ij} u_{x_i} v_{x_j}}{v^2} - \\frac{a^{ij} u_{x_i} u_{x_j} v - v u_{x_i}}{v^2}\n\\]\n\n\\[= \\frac{(Lu - b^i u_{x_i} - cu)v + (-Lv + b^i v_{x_i} + cv)u}{v^2} + 0 + a^{ij} \\frac{2}{v} v_{x_j} w_{x_i}, \\quad \\text{since } a^{ij} = a^{ji}.\\]\n\nTherefore,\n\n\\[\nMw := -a^{ij} w_{x_i x_j} + w_{x_i} \\left[ b^i - a^{ij} \\frac{2}{v} v_{x_j} \\right] = \\frac{Lu}{v} - \\frac{uLv}{v^2} \\leq 0 \\quad \\text{on } \\{ x \\in \\bar{U} : u > 0 \\} \\subseteq U\n\\]\n\nIf \\( \\{ x \\in \\bar{U} : u > 0 \\} \\) is not empty, Weak maximum principle to the operator \\( M \\) with bounded coefficients (since \\( v \\in C^1(\\bar{U}) \\)) will lead a contradiction that\n\n\\[\n0 < \\max_{\\{x \\geq 0\\}} w = \\max_{\\partial \\{x > 0\\}} w = \\frac{0}{v} = 0\n\\]\n\nHence \\( u \\leq 0 \\) in \\( U \\)."}