{"primary_language":"zh","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"五、句型变换\n1. I was watching TV when someone knocked at the door.（变为一般疑问句）\n   __________ when someone knocked at the door.\n2. He is watching TV now（用 at five yesterday afternoon 来替换时间状语）\n   He __________ at five yesterday afternoon.\n3. They were waiting for you yesterday.（改为否定句）\n   They __________ waiting for you yesterday.\n4. She was drinking some juice at that time.（改为一般疑问句）\n   __________ she __________ juice at that time?\n5. The teacher was asking the students about fashion at this time yesterday. （对划线部分提问）\n   __________ the teacher __________ the students about fashion?\n6. She was playing the guitar when I went to see her.（对划线部分提问）\n   __________ she __________ when you went to see her?\n7. He wrote a short story last night.（用 from 8 to 12 last night 改写句子）\n   He __________ a short story from 8 to 12 last night.\n8. I am doing my English homework now.（用 at eight yesterday afternoon 来替换时间状语）\n   I __________ my English homework at eight yesterday afternoon.\n\n六、中考综合训练\nI 按要求完成句子（要求：A：改为一般疑问句   B：改为否定句）\n1. I am a student. → A: __________ B: __________\n2. They are English cars. → A: __________ B: __________\n3. This is a pencil-box. → A: __________ B: __________\n4. Its name is Polly. → A: __________ B: __________\n5. Jim is at school. → A: __________ B: __________\n6. These are my English books. → A: __________ B: __________\n7. I know his name. → A: __________ B: __________\n8. Please look after your cat. → A: __________ B: __________\n9. There is some money in the purse. → A: __________ B: __________\n10. There are many apples on the tree. A: __________ B: __________\n11. You can go to have a look. → A: __________ B: __________\n12. Come here, please. → A: __________ B: __________\n\nII 回答句子（A：肯定回答   B：否定回答）\n1. Are you a teacher? → A: __________ B: __________\n2. Is this your ruler? → A: __________ B: __________\n3. Are those banana trees? → A: __________ B: __________\n4. Is it a nice room? → A: __________ B: __________\n5. Is there a picture on the wall? → A: __________ B: __________"}