{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"39. Physics  Suppose that during a storm, the force of the wind blowing against a skyscraper can be expressed by the vector \\((115, 2018, 0)\\), where each measure in the ordered triple represents the force in Newtons. What is the magnitude of this force? (Lesson 8-3)\n\n40. Verify that \\(2 \\sec^2 x = \\frac{1}{1 + \\sin x} + \\frac{1}{1 - \\sin x}\\) is an identity. (Lesson 7-2)\n\n41. A circle has a radius of 12 inches. Find the degree measure of the central angle subtended by an arc 11.5 inches long. (Lesson 6-1)\n\n42. Find \\(\\sin 390^\\circ\\). (Lesson 5-3)\n\n43. Solve \\(z^2 - 8z = -14\\) by completing the square. (Lesson 4-2)\n\n44. SAT Practice  Grid-In  If \\(x^2 = 16\\) and \\(y^2 = 4\\), what is the greatest possible value of \\((x - y)^2\\)?\n\n---\n\n**Career Choices**\n\n**Meteorologist**\n\nIf you find the weather intriguing, then you may want to investigate a career in meteorology. Meteorologists spend their time studying weather and forecasting changes in the weather. They analyze charts, weather maps, and other data to make predictions about future weather patterns. Meteorologists also research different types of weather, such as tornadoes and hurricanes, and may even teach at universities.\n\nAs a meteorologist, you may choose to specialize in one of several areas such as climatology, operational meteorology, or industrial meteorology. As a meteorologist, you might even be seen on television forecasting the weather for your area!\n\n**Career Overview**\n\nDegree Preferred: Bachelor's degree in meteorology\n\nRelated Courses: mathematics, geography, physics, computer science\n\nOutlook: slower than average job growth through the year 2006\n\n**Heat Index for Various Temperatures and Humidities**\n\nSource: The World Almanac 1999\n\n---\n\nFor more information on careers in meteorology, visit: [www.amc.glencoe.com](http://www.amc.glencoe.com)"}