{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"There are over 30 million people living with HIV worldwide. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), more than 4 million children have died of AIDS, and more than 15 million children have lost their parents to AIDS. Something must be done to stop this disease.\n\nChina has also been affected by AIDS. By the end of 2009, there were about 740,000 HIV carriers in China, among whom about 105,000 were AIDS patients. In a bid to control the problem, the government has opened labs to monitor the disease, and in 2003 it also started providing free drugs for AIDS patients.\n\nInternational help has also been very important in fighting AIDS in China. Dr David Ho, a Chinese-American AIDS expert, has devoted himself to bringing up-to-date technology and international attention to China's AIDS problem. Since 2001, organizations such as the United Nations have also been supporting AIDS education and medicine programmes in China.\n\nThe United Nations has been very active in fighting AIDS and HIV around the world. UNAIDS, an organization within the United Nations, was founded in 1996 with the agenda of helping prevent the spread of AIDS. UNAIDS provides people with HIV testing and HIV or AIDS medical care. It also teaches young people how to prevent AIDS, and sets up treatment centres where mothers with HIV can receive medicine to help keep them from passing HIV on to their children.\n\nThe work of international organizations is even more important when you consider how much more severe the situation could become. Between 2000 and 2020, over 68 million people will die of AIDS. The number of children losing both parents to AIDS is also expected to rise.\n\nWhile losing one's parents to this disease seems terrible and unfair, Ajani and his sister are fortunate. Their grandfather is now caring for them, and because their mother had access to prescription AIDS medicines when she was pregnant, they did not get HIV from her. Ajani now wants to be a doctor when he grows up. He believes that education as well as medical treatment is the key to stopping the disease in the future.\n\nReading strategy: identifying links between paragraphs\n\nWhen reading a text, one should be able to follow the thoughts of the author from one paragraph to the next. Sometimes, the last sentence of a paragraph introduces the topic of the next paragraph. This allows a smooth flow of ideas and makes sure that readers do not lose the focus of the text. The sixth paragraph of the TV news transcript ends with, 'Since 2001, organizations such as the United Nations have also been supporting AIDS education and medicine programmes in China.' This introduces the topic of the next paragraph: 'The United Nations has been very active in fighting AIDS and HIV around the world.' By identifying these links between paragraphs, readers can follow the logic of the text."}