{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":true,"natural_text":"In the cyber domain, just as in all domains, there are various factors that go into assessing risk. Risk Assessment can be viewed as a function with inputs, a process, and outputs. In general risk is viewed as a function of likelihood of occurrence of an event and impact of an event, \\( \\text{risk( likelihood, impact )} \\).\n\nIntuitively, if we increase the likelihood of a negative event occurring, the risk severity increases, and vice versa. This is also the case with impact, if the impact of a negative event occurring increases, the risk severity increases.\n\n**Likelihood of Occurrence**\n\nLikelihood of occurrence can be decomposed into two main components: threat and vulnerability. Threat is any circumstance or event that has the potential to adversely impact our system. Threat can be adversarial (purposely caused by a person) or non-adversarial (caused by an accident or natural event such as a hurricane). Vulnerability represents a weakness in an information system that can be exploited, often by an adversarial threat actor.\n\nNot all vulnerabilities are equal, there are factors that we can assess a vulnerability with. The risk assessment team will ask and answer questions such as (OWASP):\n\n- (Discoverable) How easy is it for an adversary to discover the vulnerability?\n- (Exploitable) How easy is it for an adversary to exploit the vulnerability?\n- (Awareness) How well known is the vulnerability?\n- (Detectable) How likely is an exploit to be detected?\n\nJust as vulnerabilities, threats are also assessed using various factors. The risk assessment team will ask and answer questions such as (OWASP):\n\n- (Capability) How technically skilled is an adversary?\n- (Capability) How much does the adversary know about the target system?\n- (Opportunity) Does the adversary have the resources (technology) to exploit a vulnerability?\n- (Opportunity) Is the adversary in a position to exploit a vulnerability?\n- (Intent) How motivated is an adversary to find and exploit a vulnerability?\n- (Intent) Does the actor performing the exploit intend harm?"}