{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"UNIT 8\n\nGrammar Focus\n\nHave you read Little Women yet? Yes, I have./No, I haven’t.\nHas Tina read Treasure Island yet? Yes, she has. She thinks it’s fantastic.\nHave you decided which book to write about yet? Yes, I have. I’ve already finished reading it. It was really good.\n\n4a Use the words in brackets to complete the conversations.\n\n1. A: Would you like something to drink?\n   B: No, thanks. I’ve just drunk some tea. (just/drink some tea)\n2. A: I heard you lost your key. ___________? (find)\n   B: No, not yet.\n3. A: Do you know when Tom is leaving?\n   B: ___________. (already/leave)\n   A: When ___________? (leave)\n   B: This morning.\n4. A: Is your sister going to the movies with us tonight?\n   B: No. ___________. (already/see the film)\n5. A: What do your parents think about our plan?\n   B: I ___________. (not/tell them/yet)\n\n4b Fill in the blanks with the correct forms of the words in brackets.\n\nSally ___________ (love) reading. In the morning, she reads the newspaper and in the evening she reads books. She ___________ already ___________ (read) more than 100 different books! Her favorite kind of books is science fiction. She is interested in science and technology and loves to imagine what the world ___________ (be) like in 50 years. She ___________ (finish) reading a book about robots last week and ___________ (write) a book report about it next week for her French class. Every time she is in the library, Sally looks at the many books she ___________ (not read) yet and she can’t wait to read them!\n\n4c Complete the chart with information about you and a friend.\n\n| Books I have already read | Movies I have already seen | Songs I have already heard |\n|---------------------------|---------------------------|---------------------------|\n|                           |                           |                           |"}