{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"Ethical Questions\n\nWhen you encounter an ethical decision and must choose a course of action, ask yourself these important questions:\n\n- Is it against the law? Does it violate company or professional policies?\n- Even if everyone is doing it, how would I feel if someone did this to me?\n- Am I sacrificing long-term benefits for short-term gains?\n\nThe Ethical Decision-Making Process\n\nHere are some steps to take if you find yourself in an ethical dilemma:\n\n1. Identify the ethical dilemma.\n2. Discover alternative actions.\n3. Decide who might be affected.\n4. List the probable effects of the alternatives.\n5. Select the best alternative.\n\nUsing this process will enable you to make a more informed ethical choice. Making an ethical decision involves more people than just you.\n\nSection 4.1\n\nAfter You Read\n\nReview Key Concepts\n\n1. What is the difference between personal and business ethics?\n2. Describe some of the ways that unethical business practices can affect a business.\n3. What is the relationship between illegal behaviors of business and unethical behaviors of business?\n\nAcademic Skills\n\n4. Mathematics A large company decided it would give $\\frac{1}{6}$ of its profits to charity. If the amount given was spread equally among five different charities, what fraction of the company’s profits was given to each? What percent of the company’s profits is this?\n\nFor math help, go to the Introduction to Business Online Learning Center through glencoe.com to check your answers."}