{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"compliance with 39 U.S.C. 3633(a), and an application for non-public treatment of certain materials. It also filed supporting financial workpapers.\n\nII. Notice of Commission Action\n\nThe Commission establishes Docket Nos. MC2015–61 and CP2015–92 to consider the Request pertaining to the proposed Priority Mail Contract 128 product and the related contract, respectively.\n\nThe Commission invites comments on whether the Postal Service’s filings in the captioned dockets are consistent with the policies of 39 U.S.C. 3632, 3633, or 3642, 39 CFR part 3015, and 39 CFR part 3020, subpart B. Comments are due no later than July 13, 2015. The public portions of these filings can be accessed via the Commission’s Web site (http://www.prc.gov).\n\nThe Commission appoints Kenneth R. Moeller to serve as Public Representative in these dockets.\n\nIII. Ordering Paragraphs\n\nIt is ordered:\n\n1. The Commission establishes Docket Nos. MC2015–61 and CP2015–92 to consider the matters raised in each docket.\n2. Pursuant to 39 U.S.C. 505, Kenneth R. Moeller is appointed to serve as an officer of the Commission to represent the interests of the general public in these proceedings [Public Representatives].\n3. Comments are due no later than July 13, 2015.\n4. The Secretary shall arrange for publication of this order in the Federal Register.\n\nBy the Commission.\nShoshana M. Grove, Secretary.\n\n[FR Doc. 2015–16831 Filed 7–9–15; 8:43 am]\nBILLING CODE 7710–FW–P\n\nPOSTAL SERVICE\nProduct Change—Priority Mail Negotiated Service Agreement\n\nAGENCY: Postal ServiceTM.\n\nACTION: Notice.\n\nSUMMARY: The Postal Service gives notice of filing a request with the Postal Regulatory Commission to add a domestic shipping services contract to the list of Negotiated Service Agreements in the Mail Classification Schedule’s Competitive Products List.\n\nDATES: Effective date: July 10, 2015.\n\nFOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Elizabeth A. Reed, 202–260–3179.\n\nSUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The United States Postal Service® hereby gives notice that, pursuant to 39 U.S.C. 3642 and 3632(b)(3), on July 2, 2015, it filed with the Postal Regulatory Commission a Request of the United States Postal Service to Add Priority Mail Contract 128 to Competitive Product List. Documents are available at www.prc.gov, Docket Nos. MC2015–61, CP2015–92.\n\nStanley F. Mires, Attorney, Federal Compliance.\n\n[FR Doc. 2015–16847 Filed 7–9–15; 8:43 am]\nBILLING CODE 7710–10–P\n\nPOSTAL SERVICE\nProduct Change—Priority Mail Negotiated Service Agreement\n\nAGENCY: Postal ServiceTM.\n\nACTION: Notice.\n\nSUMMARY: The Postal Service gives notice of filing a request with the Postal Regulatory Commission to add a domestic shipping services contract to the list of Negotiated Service Agreements in the Mail Classification Schedule’s Competitive Products List.\n\nDATES: Effective date: July 10, 2015.\n\nFOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: Elizabeth A. Reed, 202–260–3179.\n\nSUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION: The United States Postal Service® hereby gives notice that, pursuant to 39 U.S.C. 3642 and 3632(b)(3), on July 2, 2015, it filed with the Postal Regulatory Commission a Request of the United States Postal Service to Add Priority Mail Contract 128 to Competitive Product List. Documents are available at www.prc.gov, Docket Nos. MC2015–61, CP2015–92.\n\nStanley F. Mires, Attorney, Federal Compliance.\n\n[FR Doc. 2015–16847 Filed 7–9–15; 8:43 am]\nBILLING CODE 7710–10–P\n\nSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION\n\nSunshine Act Meeting\n\nFederal Register Citation of Previous Announcement: [80 FR 38782, July 7, 2015]\n\nSTATUS: Closed Meeting.\n\nPLACE: 100 F Street NE., Washington, DC.\n\nDATE AND TIME OF PREVIOUSLY ANNOUNCED MEETING: Thursday, July 9, 2015 at 2 p.m.\n\nCHANGE IN THE MEETING: Time Change.\n\nThe Closed Meeting scheduled for Thursday, July 9, 2015 at 2 p.m. has been changed to Thursday, July 9, 2015 at 1 p.m.\n\nAt times, changes in Commission priorities require alterations in the scheduling of meeting items. For further information and to ascertain what, if any, matters have been added, deleted or postponed, please contact the Office of the Secretary at (202) 551–5400.\n\nDated: July 7, 2015.\n\nBrent J. Fields, Secretary.\n\n[FR Doc. 2015–16892 Filed 7–8–15; 11:15 am]\nBILLING CODE 8011–51–P\n\nSECURITIES AND EXCHANGE COMMISSION\n\n[File No. 500–1]\n\nIn the Matter of International Hi-Tech Industries Inc., Mark One Global Industries, Inc., Mortel Networks Corporation, and Silverlight Gold Mines Ltd.; Order of Suspension of Trading\n\nJuly 8, 2015. It appears to the Securities and Exchange Commission that there is a"}