{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"Finding\n\nBased on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information pertaining to the Act’s fivethreshold factors, we conclude that the Huachua-Canelo population of the Arizona treefrog does not meet the signification criterion of the DPS Policy, as detailed above and, therefore, is not a valid DPS under our DPS Policy. As a result, the Huachua-Canelo population of the Arizona treefrog is not a listable entity under section 3(16) of the Act. Therefore, we find that listing the Huachua-Canelo population of Arizona treefrog as an endangered or a threatened species is not warranted throughout all or a significant portion of its range at this time, and consequently, we are removing it from candidate status.\n\nAs a result of the Service’s 2011multidistrict litigation settlement with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service is required to submit a proposed listing rule or a not-warranted 12-month finding to the Federal Register by September 22, 2016. (In re: Endangered Species Act Section 4 Deadline Litigation, No. 10-377 (ECS), MDL, Doc. no. 11-4381 (December 10, 2011)) for all 251 species that were included as candidate species in the Service’s November 10, 2010, CNOR. This documentation will satisfy the requirements of that settlement agreement for the Huachua-Canelo population of the Arizona treefrog. A detailed justification of the basis for this finding can be found in the species-specific assessment form for the Huachua-Canelo population of the Arizona treefrog and on supporting documents (see ADDRESSES, above).\n\nArkansas Darter (Etheostoma cragini)\n\nPrevious Federal Actions\n\nThe Arkansas darter was first identified as a candidate for listing under the Act in 1989 (54 FR 554; January 6, 1989), as a Category 2 candidate species. Category 2 candidate species were identified as those taxa for which the Service possessed information indicating proposing to list the taxon would be appropriate, but for which conclusive data on biological vulnerability and threats sufficient to support a proposed listing was lacking. On February 26, 1996, the CNOR (61 FR 7596) discontinued recognition of Categories 1-3, because listing the Arkansas darter was warranted but precluded, we assigned the species an LPN of 5. In 2002, we changed the LPN from 5 to 11 (67 FR 40657; June 13, 2002). On June 11, 2004, the Service received a petition dated May 4, 2004, from the Center for Biological Diversity and others to list 225 species, including the Arkansas darter. The Service published a 12-month finding in the Federal Register on May 11, 2005, with a realistic determination that listing was warranted but precluded and that the taxon had an LPN of 11 (70 FR 2484; May 13, 2005). We continued to evaluate the status of the candidate taxon through our annual CNOR and maintained the LPN of 11 for this species (see September 12, 2006 (71 FR 53576), December 6, 2007 (72 FR 68904), December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75155), December 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804), November 10, 2010 (75 FR 6922), October 26, 2011 (76 FR 63670), November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69949), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104), December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584)).\n\nBackground\n\nThe Arkansas darter (Etheostoma cragini) is a small fish in the perch family native to the Arkansas River basin. The species occurs most often in clear, swiftly-flowing, cold, subaqueous pools (gilgal pools), small, spring-fed streams and marshes, with cool water, and broad-leaved aquatic vegetation. Arkansas darters prefer flowing, spring-fed streams and pools in contact with groundwater sources. However, the species is very intolerant of water quality, including high water temperature, low dissolved oxygen, high turbidity, and hypoeutrophic.\n\nThe Arkansas darter’s range includes eastern Colorado, southwest and central Kansas, northwest and northeast Oklahoma, southwest Missouri, and northwest Arkansas. Recent surveys have expanded our knowledge of the known occupied Arkansas darter populations. We currently consider to be extant a total of 80 populations within 15 metapopulations rangewide. This is more than we knew of for previous assessments of this species.\n\nSummary of Status Review\n\nIn completing the status review for the Arkansas darter, we reviewed the best available scientific and commercial information and compiled this information in the Status Summary Assessment Report (SSA Report) for the Arkansas darter. In previous candidate assessments and findings for this species, the identified threats we considered were water depletion, water quality degradation, urbanization and development, confined-animal feeding operations, dams and reservoirs, salt cedar invasion, dredging and pollution. Although localized negative effects have been observed, all of these stressors (other than water depletion) occur at a limited extent of the overall impact at the population and species level is minimal. Water depletion is the stressor with the largest potential impact to the Arkansas darter’s viability, affecting approximately 25 percent of the species’ geographic range, resulting mainly from groundwater withdrawals for agriculture. Seasonal low flows and increased flows associated with September of 2006 (71 FR 53576), December 6, 2007 (72 FR 68904), December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75155), December 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804), November 10, 2010 (75 FR 6922), October 26, 2011 (76 FR 63670), November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69949), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104), December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584)).\n\nBackground\n\nThe Arkansas darter (Etheostoma cragini) is a small fish in the perch family native to the Arkansas River basin. The species occurs most often in clear, swiftly-flowing, cold, subaqueous pools (gilgal pools), small, spring-fed streams and marshes, with cool water, and broad-leaved aquatic vegetation. Arkansas darters prefer flowing, spring-fed streams and pools in contact with groundwater sources. However, the species is very intolerant of water quality, including high water temperature, low dissolved oxygen, high turbidity, and hypoeutrophic.\n\nThe Arkansas darter’s range includes eastern Colorado, southwest and central Kansas, northwest and northeast Oklahoma, southwest Missouri, and northwest Arkansas. Recent surveys have expanded our knowledge of the known occupied Arkansas darter populations. We currently consider to be extant a total of 80 populations within 15 metapopulations rangewide. This is more than we knew of for previous assessments of this species.\n\nSummary of Status Review\n\nIn completing the status review for the Arkansas darter, we reviewed the best available scientific and commercial information and compiled this information in the Status Summary Assessment Report (SSA Report) for the Arkansas darter. In previous candidate assessments and findings for this species, the identified threats we considered were water depletion, water quality degradation, urbanization and development, confined-animal feeding operations, dams and reservoirs, salt cedar invasion, dredging and pollution. Although localized negative effects have been observed, all of these stressors (other than water depletion) occur at a limited extent of the overall impact at the population and species level is minimal. Water depletion is the stressor with the largest potential impact to the Arkansas darter’s viability, affecting approximately 25 percent of the species’ geographic range, resulting mainly from groundwater withdrawals for agriculture. Seasonal low flows and increased flows associated with September of 2006 (71 FR 53576), December 6, 2007 (72 FR 68904), December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75155), December 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804), November 10, 2010 (75 FR 6922), October 26, 2011 (76 FR 63670), November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69949), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104), December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584)).\n\nBackground\n\nThe Arkansas darter (Etheostoma cragini) is a small fish in the perch family native to the Arkansas River basin. The species occurs most often in clear, swiftly-flowing, cold, subaqueous pools (gilgal pools), small, spring-fed streams and marshes, with cool water, and broad-leaved aquatic vegetation. Arkansas darters prefer flowing, spring-fed streams and pools in contact with groundwater sources. However, the species is very intolerant of water quality, including high water temperature, low dissolved oxygen, high turbidity, and hypoeutrophic.\n\nThe Arkansas darter’s range includes eastern Colorado, southwest and central Kansas, northwest and northeast Oklahoma, southwest Missouri, and northwest Arkansas. Recent surveys have expanded our knowledge of the known occupied Arkansas darter populations. We currently consider to be extant a total of 80 populations within 15 metapopulations rangewide. This is more than we knew of for previous assessments of this species.\n\nSummary of Status Review\n\nIn completing the status review for the Arkansas darter, we reviewed the best available scientific and commercial information and compiled this information in the Status Summary Assessment Report (SSA Report) for the Arkansas darter. In previous candidate assessments and findings for this species, the identified threats we considered were water depletion, water quality degradation, urbanization and development, confined-animal feeding operations, dams and reservoirs, salt cedar invasion, dredging and pollution. Although localized negative effects have been observed, all of these stressors (other than water depletion) occur at a limited extent of the overall impact at the population and species level is minimal. Water depletion is the stressor with the largest potential impact to the Arkansas darter’s viability, affecting approximately 25 percent of the species’ geographic range, resulting mainly from groundwater withdrawals for agriculture. Seasonal low flows and increased flows associated with September of 2006 (71 FR 53576), December 6, 2007 (72 FR 68904), December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75155), December 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804), November 10, 2010 (75 FR 6922), October 26, 2011 (76 FR 63670), November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69949), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104), December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584)).\n\nBackground\n\nThe Arkansas darter (Etheostoma cragini) is a small fish in the perch family native to the Arkansas River basin. The species occurs most often in clear, swiftly-flowing, cold, subaqueous pools (gilgal pools), small, spring-fed streams and marshes, with cool water, and broad-leaved aquatic vegetation. Arkansas darters prefer flowing, spring-fed streams and pools in contact with groundwater sources. However, the species is very intolerant of water quality, including high water temperature, low dissolved oxygen, high turbidity, and hypoeutrophic.\n\nThe Arkansas darter’s range includes eastern Colorado, southwest and central Kansas, northwest and northeast Oklahoma, southwest Missouri, and northwest Arkansas. Recent surveys have expanded our knowledge of the known occupied Arkansas darter populations. We currently consider to be extant a total of 80 populations within 15 metapopulations rangewide. This is more than we knew of for previous assessments of this species.\n\nSummary of Status Review\n\nIn completing the status review for the Arkansas darter, we reviewed the best available scientific and commercial information and compiled this information in the Status Summary Assessment Report (SSA Report) for the Arkansas darter. In previous candidate assessments and findings for this species, the identified threats we considered were water depletion, water quality degradation, urbanization and development, confined-animal feeding operations, dams and reservoirs, salt cedar invasion, dredging and pollution. Although localized negative effects have been observed, all of these stressors (other than water depletion) occur at a limited extent of the overall impact at the population and species level is minimal. Water depletion is the stressor with the largest potential impact to the Arkansas darter’s viability, affecting approximately 25 percent of the species’ geographic range, resulting mainly from groundwater withdrawals for agriculture. Seasonal low flows and increased flows associated with September of 2006 (71 FR 53576), December 6, 2007 (72 FR 68904), December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75155), December 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804), November 10, 2010 (75 FR 6922), October 26, 2011 (76 FR 63670), November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69949), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104), December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584)).\n\nBackground\n\nThe Arkansas darter (Etheostoma cragini) is a small fish in the perch family native to the Arkansas River basin. The species occurs most often in clear, swiftly-flowing, cold, subaqueous pools (gilgal pools), small, spring-fed streams and marshes, with cool water, and broad-leaved aquatic vegetation. Arkansas darters prefer flowing, spring-fed streams and pools in contact with groundwater sources. However, the species is very intolerant of water quality, including high water temperature, low dissolved oxygen, high turbidity, and hypoeutrophic.\n\nThe Arkansas darter’s range includes eastern Colorado, southwest and central Kansas, northwest and northeast Oklahoma, southwest Missouri, and northwest Arkansas. Recent surveys have expanded our knowledge of the known occupied Arkansas darter populations. We currently consider to be extant a total of 80 populations within 15 metapopulations rangewide. This is more than we knew of for previous assessments of this species.\n\nSummary of Status Review\n\nIn completing the status review for the Arkansas darter, we reviewed the best available scientific and commercial information and compiled this information in the Status Summary Assessment Report (SSA Report) for the Arkansas darter. In previous candidate assessments and findings for this species, the identified threats we considered were water depletion, water quality degradation, urbanization and development, confined-animal feeding operations, dams and reservoirs, salt cedar invasion, dredging and pollution. Although localized negative effects have been observed, all of these stressors (other than water depletion) occur at a limited extent of the overall impact at the population and species level is minimal. Water depletion is the stressor with the largest potential impact to the Arkansas darter’s viability, affecting approximately 25 percent of the species’ geographic range, resulting mainly from groundwater withdrawals for agriculture. Seasonal low flows and increased flows associated with September of 2006 (71 FR 53576), December 6, 2007 (72 FR 68904), December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75155), December 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804), November 10, 2010 (75 FR 6922), October 26, 2011 (76 FR 63670), November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69949), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104), December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584))."}