{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"general public (Public Representative) in this docket.\n\nIII. Ordering Paragraphs\n\nIt is ordered:\n\n1. The Commission reopen Docket No. CP2014-63 for consideration of matters raised by the Postal Service’s Notice.\n\n2. Pursuant to 39 U.S.C. 505, the Commission appoints Curtis K. Kidd to serve as an officer of the Commission (Public Representative) to represent the interests of the general public in this proceeding.\n\n3. Comments are due no later than July 13, 2015.\n\n4. The Secretary shall arrange for publication of this order in the Federal Register.\n\nBy the Commission,\nShoshana M. Grove, Secretary.\n\n[FR Doc. 2015–16822 Filed 7–9–15; 8:45 am]\nBILLING CODE 7510–FW–P\n\nPOSTAL REGULATORY COMMISSION\n\n[Docket Nos. MC2015–63 and CP2015–94; Order No. 2567]\n\nNew Postal Product\n\nAGENCY: Postal Regulatory Commission.\n\nACTION: Notice.\n\nSUMMARY: The Commission is noticing a recent Postal Service filing concerning the addition of Priority Mail & First-Class Package Service Contract 6 to the competitive product list. This notice informs the public of the filing, invites public comment, and takes other administrative steps.\n\nDATES: Comments are due: July 14, 2015.\n\nADDRESSES: Submit comments electronically via the Commission’s Filing Online system at http://www.prc.gov. Those who cannot submit comments electronically should contact the person identified in the FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT section by telephone for advice on filing alternatives.\n\nFOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT: David A. Trissell, General Counsel, at 202–789–6820.\n\nSUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:\n\nTable of Contents\nI. Introduction\nII. Notice of Commission Action\nIII. Ordering Paragraphs\n\nI. Introduction\n\nIn accordance with 39 U.S.C. 3642 and 39 CFR 3020.30 et seq., the Postal Service filed a formal request and associated supporting information to add Priority Mail & First-Class Package Service Contract 6 to the competitive product list.¹\n\nThe Postal Service contemporaneously filed a redacted contract related to the proposed new product under 39 U.S.C. 3632(b)(3) and 39 CFR 3015.5. Id. Attachment B.\n\nTo support its Request, the Postal Service filed a copy of the contract, a copy of the Governors’ Decision authorizing the product, proposed changes to the Mail Classification Schedule, a Statement of Supporting Justification, a certification of compliance with 39 U.S.C. 3633(a), and an application for non-public treatment of certain materials. It also filed supporting financial workpapers.\n\nII. Notice of Commission Action\n\nThe Commission establishes Docket No. MC2015–63 and CP2015–94 to consider the Request pertaining to the proposed Priority Mail & First-Class Package Service Contract 6 product and the proposed contract, respectively.\n\nThe Commission invites comments on whether the Postal Service’s filings in the captioned docket are consistent with the policies of 39 U.S.C. 3632, 3633, or 3642, 39 CFR part 3015, and 39 CFR part 3020, subpart B. Comments are due no later than July 14, 2015.\n\nThe public portions of these filings can be accessed via the Commission’s Web site (http://www.prc.gov).\n\nThe Commission appoints Lyudmila Y. Bzhilyanskaya to serve as Public Representative in these docket.\n\nIII. Ordering Paragraphs\n\nIt is ordered:\n\n1. The Commission establishes Docket No. MC2015–63 and CP2015–94 to consider the matters raised in each docket.\n\n2. Pursuant to 39 U.S.C. 505, Lyudmila Y. Bzhilyanskaya is appointed to serve as an officer of the Commission to represent the interests of the general public in these proceedings (Public Representative).\n\n3. Comments are due no later than July 14, 2015.\n\n4. The Secretary shall arrange for publication of this order in the Federal Register.\n\n¹ Request of the United States Postal Service to Add Priority Mail & First-Class Package Service Contract 6 to Competitive Product List and Notice of Filing (Under Seal of Unsealed Governors’ Decision, Contract, and Supporting Data, July 2, 2015) (Request)."}