{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"frogs at Lower Blue Point Spring warrants further evaluation of its impact to the status of the species. Although there is evidence that Bd is present in one population, there is no indication any frogs have been adversely affected by disease. Based on this evidence, management for Bd will continue to monitor populations for effects of disease. Any potential effects at this site will not be significant in the long term.\n\nDisplacement and predation are not having a population-level effect on the relict leopard frog now, and such effects are not expected to be a problem in the future. The Conservation Team is taking action to improve the conditions for disease and predation through exclusion measures (see “Conservation Actions Implemented,” above).\n\nThe small population size is the focus of conservation efforts, including population augmentation and establishing introduction sites. Low numbers of individual frogs at a given site may increase risk and vulnerability of the species to other stressors. Although small populations can affect the species as a whole by reducing genetic diversity and possibly reducing the species’ ability to adapt to changing environmental conditions, the best available scientific and commercial information shows that this species is capable of surviving into the foreseeable future with current population sizes and under existing levels of management by the Conservation Team. Therefore, efforts for small population size has been, and will continue to be, minimized by actions taken by the Conservation Team, including habitat management and a captive-rearing program that produces frogs from eggs collected in the wild. These frogs are used to establish new sites and augment both natural and introduction sites, as appropriate. Conservation Team actions continue to minimize the potential for effects of small population size, and small population effects are not expected to affect the persistence of frogs at any site or population.\n\nClimate change effects may result in reduced spring flow, habitat loss, increased severity of storms, flooding, and increased prevalence of wildfire that may be harmful to relict leopard frog populations. Although negative effects from climate change could occur to the species, climate change levels would not reach a level now or into the foreseeable future to the extent that range-wide numbers and distribution would be substantially reduced. The relict leopard frog Conservation Team has been addressing these stressors in the past, and ongoing efforts are planned to continue into the future.\n\nWe considered relevant Federal, State, and tribal laws and regulations when evaluating the status of the species. Regulations for mechanisms, if they exist, may preclude the need for listing if we determine that such mechanisms adequately reduce the stressors to the species such that listing is not warranted. The effects of applicable existing regulatory mechanisms were considered in our evaluation of the stressors acting on the species. Below, we briefly review those regulatory mechanisms aimed to help reduce stressors to the relict leopard frog and its habitat.\n\nThe relict leopard frog is protected by the State laws of Nevada, Arizona, and Utah. Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS) 533.367 states that before a person may obtain a right to the use of water from a spring or water that has seeped to the surface of the ground, that person must ensure that wildfire which customarily uses the water will have access to it. However, the State engineer, who oversees all water rights, may waive this requirement for a domestic use of water (NRS 533.367). Authority provided by NRS 533.367 allows the Wildlife Commission to use its authority to manage land to carry out a program for conserving, protecting, restoring, or propagating selected species of native fish, wildlife, and other vertebrates and their habitat, which are threatened with extinction by habitat destruction or alteration. A permit for the relict leopard frog is provided by Nevada Administrative Code (NAC) 80.220, which prohibits the alteration of a wetland or stream to the detriment of wildlife without a permit. The Arizona Game and Fish Department (AGFD) classified the relict leopard frog as a Tier 1A Species of Greatest Conservation. Commission Order 1 of the AGFD prohibits collection or hunting of relict leopard frogs, except under the authority of a special permit. Protection under Commission Order 41 provides protection to individual frogs, but not to habitat.\n\nThe Utah Division of Wildlife Resources classified the relict leopard frog as a Sensitive Species in Utah. State of Utah Code Section 4-28-3 prohibits the collection, importation, and possession of relict leopard frogs without a certificate of registration but provides no protection of habitat.\n\nAll populations of the relict leopard frog occur on Federal land (Service, BLM, NPS, NR). Existing Federal laws, such as the NPS Organic Act of 1916, as amended (16 U.S.C. 1 17) and the National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act of 1997 (Pub. L. 105–57), have facilitated conservation efforts that have reduced the threats to the relict leopard frog. The BLM manages all extant relict leopard frog sites except Pulpit Reef and Corn Creek. The NR manages land in a protected area of Hoover Dam and Corn Creek, and is an experimental management area for the National Wildlife Refuge. NPS provides the captive-rearing facility, which is important for establishing and maintaining captive relict leopard frog populations.\n\nBLM uses their regulatory mechanisms and authority to provide sites to establish new populations of relict leopard frog, a BLM sensitive species, and complete habitat improvements to benefit the species.\n\nBLM’s manual (6840—Special Status Species Management) establishes policy for management of BLM sensitive species under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (43 U.S.C. 1702) and other applicable laws. BLM’s policy will be managed consistent with species and habitat management objectives in land management plans and recreation plans as well as other BLM policy to promote their conservation and to minimize the likelihood and need for listing. The BLM is a member of the Conservation Team and implements or authorizes conservation actions for the conservation of the relict leopard frog.\n\nThe National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act of 1997 provided the basis for the operations of the Refuge System, which requires the Secretaries of Interior and Agriculture to provide for the conservation of fish, wildlife, and plants, and their habitats on all lands and water under the jurisdiction of the Refuge System. Within the range of the relict leopard frog, the Desert National Wildlife Refuge, concerned with providing habitat for several imperiled species and efforts of States and other Federal agencies to conserve fish and wildlife and their habitats, and the refuge conducted to fulfill this mission and provide for the conservation of fish, wildlife, and plants, and their habitats within the Refuge System. The Refuge System also conducts restoration of the fish, wildlife, and plant resources and their habitats for the benefit of present and future generations of American people. The Refuge is required to fulfill this mission and provide for the conservation of fish, wildlife, and plants, and their habitats. The Refuge System provides habitat for the relict leopard frog. The Refuge manager provides access to biologists to perform releases of frogs and monitor the population. The Refuge continues to"}