{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"(1) **when** and **while** are both used to indicate \"when...\". When used to modify a verb, it can refer to the concept of a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. While is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.\n\n(2) **while** is used to modify a verb, it can refer to a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. While is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.\n\n(3) **Mr. Green waited until his children came back.**\n\n(4) **Mr. Green didn’t go to bed until his children came back.**\n\n(5) If you don’t go soon you’ll be late; Unless you go soon, you’ll be late.\n\n(6) **until** is used to modify a verb, it can refer to a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. While is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.\n\n(7) **because** is used to modify a verb, it can refer to a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. While is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.\n\n(8) **although** and **though** are both used to indicate \"even if...\". Although is used to modify a verb, it can refer to a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. Though is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.\n\n(9) **so that** and **in order that** are both used to indicate \"in order that...\". So that is used to modify a verb, it can refer to a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. In order that is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.\n\nThe teacher spoke slowly, so that in order that we could hear him clearly."}