{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"Cancer Risk in Patients With Empyema\nA Nationwide Population-Based Study\nChung-Jen Teng, MD, Yu-Wen Hu, MD, Chiu-Mei Yeh, MS, Tzeng-Ji Chen, MD, PhD, and Chia-Jen Liu, MD, PhD\n\nAbstract: This study aimed to evaluate cancer risk and possible risk factors in patients diagnosed with empyema. A total of 31,636 patients with newly diagnosed empyema between January 1, 1999 and December 31, 2010 were included in this study. Standardized incidence ratios (SIRs) were calculated to compare the cancer incidence in these empyema patients to that in the general population. Adjusted hazard ratios were also calculated to investigate whether characteristics increased cancer risk.\n\nDuring the 12-year study period, 2,654 cancers occurred in 31,636 patients with empyema, yielding an SIR of 2.67 (95% confidence interval [CI] 2.57–2.78). We excluded cancer that occurred within 1 year to avoid surveillance bias. The cancer risk remained significantly increased (SIR 1.50, 95% CI 1.41–1.58). Specifically, patients with empyema had higher SIRs of cancers of the head and neck (1.50, 95% CI 1.41–1.58), esophagus (2.56, 95% CI 1.92–3.33), stomach (1.49, 95% CI 1.16–1.89), liver and biliary tract (2.18, 95% CI 1.93–2.45), and lung and mediastinum (1.62, 95% CI 1.39–1.86). Age ≥ 60, male sex, diabetes mellitus, and liver cirrhosis were independent risk factors for cancer development.\n\nINTRODUCTION\n\nEmpyema is the accumulation of pus in the thoracic cavity that often results from a progressive deposition of parapneumonic fluid. Persistent infection eventually results in the formation of scar tissue and a pleural peel encompassing the lung. \n\nEven with the advance of antibiotics and pneumococcal vaccines, this still accounts for approximately 5% of cases of pneumonia.\n\nIncidence of empyema has been increasing worldwide in recent decades. \n\nAbout 15% of empyema patients die and 30% of patients require interventional drainage of the pleural space. \n\nMost studies focus on short-term empyema complications; however, the long-term effects of this disease, including cancer, have hardly been studied.\n\nIncreased cancer risk in patients with inflammatory and infectious diseases has been reported in many studies. Furthermore, the effects of chronic pulmonary inflammatory disease on cancer have been well documented. However, no study to date has focused on the association between empyema and further cancer risk.\n\nUsing the National Health Insurance Research Dataset (NHIRD) of Taiwan, we conducted a nationwide population-based study to examine the relative risk of malignancies, including specific cancer types, in patients with empyema.\n\nMATERIALS AND METHODS\n\nData Sources\nTaiwan’s National Health Insurance (NHI) program, which began in 1995, is a mandatory universal health insurance program that covers more than 99% of the Taiwanese population. The NHIRD is managed by the National Health Research Institutes (NHIRI) of Taiwan and consists of detailed healthcare data from more than 28 million enrollees. It includes data on inpatient, outpatient, emergency, dental, and traditional Chinese medicine services. The Longitudinal Health Insurance Database is a subset of the NHIRD and is a representative database containing 1,000,000 patients randomly"}