{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":true,"natural_text":"By contrast, in China, consumers were less likely to switch stores to save money. Instead, they opted to buy their preferred brand in smaller quantities. Globally, almost one in four consumers said they do this. Many consumer-goods companies have in introduced smaller pack sizes, allowing consumers to sample—and, in time, become loyal to—established brands. Colgate-Palmolive, for instance, has long sold its oral-care and household products in small packets and sachets. In Central and West Africa, Nestlé launched an initiative called My Own Business, through which entrepreneurs sell hot coffee by the cup from specially designed backpacks. The initiative has made local Nescafé drinkers out of consumers who might not be able to afford an entire tin of instant coffee.\n\nThe waning appeal of ‘natural’ and ‘organic’\n\nWorldwide, 31 percent more consumers said they’re eating healthier food, continuing a trend we’ve observed over the past two years. However, the latest survey results also show that consumers today aren’t necessarily equating healthy eating with buying products that are labeled “natural” or “organic.”\n\nIn Western Europe, there is still some growth in natural and organic products. For example, in Italy and France, survey respondents who claimed to have increased their purchases of natural and organic products outnumbered those who said they’d reduced such purchases, by 13 percent. Western European consumers are also continuing to show greater interest in buying locally sourced food.\n\nBut in the United States, consumers seemed not to be too concerned about whether food products are labeled either natural or organic, or whether they’re locally sourced. Instead, among US consumers, eating healthy increasingly means carefully reading nutrition information and ingredient lists. This is in part because more US consumers are adhering to a specific “food lifestyle”: another recent McKinsey survey showed that 10 percent of consumers across all age groups say they stick to a low-carb or high-protein diet (Exhibit 3). Some consumers eat only dairy-free foods. Other food lifestyles include gluten-free, vegetarian, and paleo.\n\nExhibit 3\nMany US consumers are adhering to a specific ‘food lifestyle’\nUS consumers who say they follow a specific food lifestyle, by generation, %\n\n|          | Vegan or raw | Paleo | Low carb/high protein | Dairy free | Vegetarian | Other | Gluten free | None | Low fat |\n|----------|--------------|-------|------------------------|------------|------------|-------|-------------|------|---------|\n| Millennials | 3            | 10    | 6                      | 7          | 9          | 2     | 10          | 2    | 52      |\n| Gen X    | 4            | 24    | 9                      | 4          | 9          | 2     | 10          | 2    | 36      |\n| Boomers  | 13           | 2     | 14                     | 3          | 10         | 5     | 62          |      |         |\n\n1 Respondents: 7,000 millennials (ages 20–34), 2,500 Gen X (35–50), 2,000 baby boomers (51–69)\n2 Figures may not sum to 100%, because of rounding\nSource: McKinsey Millenial Survey, May 2016\n\nCPG companies are responding to this trend, either by launching new products and brands of their own or by acquiring smaller, fast-growing health-and-wellness players. General Mills now has nearly 1,000 gluten-free options in the US market alone. Mars took a minority stake in KIND Snacks, which was among the first companies to participate in the “clean labeling” movement (meaning that its list of ingredients is typically short, simple, and contains no artificial additives).\n\nMax Magni is a senior partner in McKinsey’s New Jersey office, Anne Martinez is a specialist in the Stamford office, Rukshana Motiwala is a senior expert in the New York office, and Alex Rodriguez is a partner in the Miami office."}