{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"37. 14.3 d\n39. $8.3 \\times 10^7$ s\n41. 0.826 s\n\n**43.** The reaction is first order. \n$k = 1.0 \\times 10^7$ L mol$^{-1}$ min$^{-1}$\n\n45. $1.67 \\times 10^3$ s; 20% remains\n\n47. 252 days\n\n49.\n\n| [A]$_0$ (M) | $k \\times 10^3$ (s$^{-1}$) |\n|------------|--------------------------|\n| 4.88       | 2.45                     |\n| 3.52       | 2.51                     |\n| 2.29       | 2.53                     |\n| 1.81       | 2.58                     |\n| 5.33       | 2.36                     |\n| 4.05       | 2.47                     |\n| 2.95       | 2.48                     |\n| 1.72       | 2.43                     |\n\n51. The reactants either may be moving too slowly to have enough kinetic energy to exceed the activation energy for the reaction, or the orientation of the molecules when they collide may prevent the reaction from occurring.\n\n53. The activation energy is the minimum amount of energy necessary to form the activated complex in a reaction. It is usually expressed as the energy necessary to form one mole of activated complex.\n\n55. After finding $k$ at several different temperatures, a plot of $\\ln k$ versus $\\frac{1}{T}$ gives a straight line with the slope $-\\frac{E_a}{R}$ from which $E_a$ may be determined.\n\n57. (a) 4-times faster (b) 128-times faster\n\n59. $3.9 \\times 10^{15}$ s$^{-1}$\n\n61. 43.0 kJ/mol\n\n63. 177 kJ/mol\n\n65. $E_a = 108$ kJ\n\n$A = 2.0 \\times 10^9$ s$^{-1}$\n\n$k = 3.2 \\times 10^{-10}$ s$^{-1}$\n\n(b) $1.81 \\times 10^8$ h or $7.6 \\times 10^6$ day. (c) Assuming that the reaction is irreversible simplifies the calculation because we do not have to account for any reactant that, having been converted to product, returns to the original state.\n\n67. The A atom has enough energy to react with BC; however, the different angles at which it bounces off of BC without reacting indicate that the orientation of the molecule is an important part of the reaction kinetics and determines whether a reaction will occur.\n\n69. No. In general, for the overall reaction, we cannot predict the effect of changing the concentration without knowing the rate equation. Yes. If the reaction is an elementary reaction, then doubling the concentration of A doubles the rate.\n\n71. Rate = $k[A][B]^2$; Rate = $k[A]^3$"}