{"primary_language":"en","is_rotation_valid":true,"rotation_correction":0,"is_table":false,"is_diagram":false,"natural_text":"How can harnessing tax data create value for all?\n\nThe better the question. The better the answer. The better the world works.\n\nThe COVID-19 pandemic gave tax administrations a taste of what digital transformation can offer. But it also created challenges that could have been prevented had they transformed before. Now, they have an opportunity to realize far bigger possibilities – from giving taxpayers a more tailored experience to being an integral part of a seamless digital state.\n\nIn our second piece on the digital state, we look at the exciting possibilities transformation offers tax administrations globally.\n\n**In brief**\n\n- Tax administrations know that digital transformation is necessary. But its potential extends far beyond fighting fires in a pandemic to improving life for citizens.\n- Tax administrators can realize big benefits by designing customer-centric services, integrating digital into modernization programs and exchanging data in real time.\n- Choosing the right operating model, systems, partners and performance measures will be important steps on the road to transformation success.\n\nOver the last two years, tax administrations globally have assumed new roles with ingenuity and skill. From launching digital platforms to serve struggling businesses to partnering with social services to deliver benefits, they’ve dramatically upped the pace of digital transformation. They’ve also recognized that digital will be key to meeting their challenges, including uncertain revenue projections and the growing need to finance budget deficits.\n\nBut digital transformation can help tax administrations do much more than fight fires and solve problems. It has the potential to transform them from reactive, passive recipients of tax returns into proactive partners in improving how businesses operate and people live.\n\nTax administrations won’t achieve this by adopting and embedding new digital technologies alone. To truly transform, they need to put taxpayers at the center of their digital journey and integrate their plans into wider digital government programs.\n\nThis article, the second in the series on the digital state, suggests five ways they can do this."}