69436

# Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 194 / Thursday, October 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations

frogs at Lower Blue Point Springs warrants further evaluation of its impact to the species. Although there is evidence that Bd is present in one population, there is no indication any frogs have died from chytridiomycosis disease. The Conservation Team will continue to monitor populations for effects of disease and potential effects at the individual or site-specific level resulting from nonnative fish in the Northfork Hooper Spring Complex and Corn Creek are low at several sites. Diseases and predation are not having a population-level effect on the relict leopard frog now, and are not expected to occur in the future. The Conservation Team is taking action to improve the condition of habitat and reduce predation through conservation measures (referred to as “Conservation Actions Implemented,” above).

The small population size is the focus of conservation efforts, including population augmentation and establishment of new populations. Low numbers of individual frogs at a given site may increase risk and vulnerability of the species to stochastic processes. Although small population size can affect the species as a whole by reducing genetic diversity and possibly reducing the species’ ability to adapt to changing environmental conditions, the best available scientific and commercial information indicates the species is capable of persisting into the foreseeable future with current population sizes and under current conditions if actions by the Conservation Team. The potential for effects of small population size has been, and will continue to be, minimized by actions taken by the Conservation Team, including habitat management and a captive-rearing program. Captive-reared frogs and eggs collected in the wild. These frogs are used to establish new sites and augment both natural and captive-reared populations where appropriate. Conservation Team actions continue to minimize the potential for effects of small population size, and small population effects are not expected to affect the persistence of frogs at any site or population.

Climate change scenarios result in reduced spring flow, habitat loss, increased severity of storms, flooding, and increased temperatures. These shifts could adversely affect relict leopard frog populations. Although negative effects from climate change may occur to individuals or specific sites, species-level effects would not reach a level now or into the foreseeable future to the extent that the species’ range and distribution would be substantially reduced. The relict leopard frog Conservation Team has been addressing these stressors in the past, and ongoing efforts are planned to continue into the future.

We considered relevant Federal, State, tribal laws and regulations when evaluating the regulatory mechanisms. Regulatory mechanisms, if they exist, may preclude the need for listing if we determine such mechanisms adequately reduce the stressors to the species such that listing is not warranted. The effects of applicable mechanisms are considered in our evaluation of the stressors acting on the species. Below we discuss the regulatory mechanisms aimed to help reduce stressors to the relict leopard frog and its habitat.

The relict leopard frog is protected by the laws of Nevada, Arizona, and New Mexico. Nevada Revised Statutes (NRS) § 513.367 states that before a person may obtain a right to the use of water from a spring or wash that has seeped to the surface on private ground, he must ensure that wildlife which customarily uses the water will have access to it. If the State Engineer, who oversees all water rights, may waive this requirement for a domestic use of water less than 0.5 acre-feet per year. Provided by NRS 503.567 allows the Wildlife Commission to use its authority to manage land to carry out a program for conserving, protecting, propagating and propagating selected species of native fish, wildlife, and other vertebrates and their habitats threatened with extinction and destruction. Also, habitat protection for the relict leopard frog is provided by Nevada Administrative Code 504.520, which prohibits the alteration of a wetland or stream to the detriment of wildlife without a permit.

The Arizona Game and Fish Department (AGFD) classified the relict leopard frog as a Tier 1A Species of Greatest Conservation Need. Commission Order 41 of the AGFD regulations prohibits collection or hunting of relict leopard frogs, except under permit. Protection under Commission Order 41 provides protection to individual frogs, but not to habitat.

The Utah Division of Wildlife Resources classified the relict leopard frog as a Species of Concern. Utah State of Utah Rule 657–3 prohibits the collection, importation, and possession of relict leopard frogs without a permit. This rule provides no protection of habitat.

All populations of the relict leopard frog occur on Federal land (Service, BLM, NPS, BR). Existing Federal laws, such as the NPS Organic Act of 1916, as amended (16 U.S.C. 1 et seq.), National Environmental Policy Act of 1970 (NEPA; 42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.), and the National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act of 1997 (Pub. L. 105–57), have facilitated conservation efforts that benefit the relict leopard frog. NPS and BLM manage all extant relict leopard frog sites except Pahranagat Refuge and Corn Creek. The Pahranagat National Wildlife Refuge is home to the protected area of Hoover Dam and Corn Creek. It is an experimental population of relict leopard frogs. NPS provides the captive-rearing facility, which is primarily responsible for breeding and augmenting relict leopard frog populations.

These regulatory mechanisms and authority to provide sites to establish new populations of relict leopard frog, a Bd sensitive species, and provide habitat improvements to benefit the species. BLM’s Manual (6840)—Special Status Species Management policy establishes policy for management of BLM sensitive species under the Federal Land Policy and Management Act of 1976 (FLPMA; 43 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). BLM sensitive species will be managed consistent with species and habitat management objectives in land use implementation plans to promote their conservation and to minimize adverse impacts and need for listings under the ESA. BLM is a member of the Conservation Team and implements or authorizes conservation actions that benefit the conservation of the relict leopard frog.

The National Wildlife Refuge System Improvement Act of 1997 provides the mission for the Service’s wildlife refuges to administer a national network of lands and waters for the conservation, management, and where appropriate restoration of the fish, wildlife, and plant resources and their habitats for the benefit of present and future generations of Americans. Each refuge is required to fulfill this mission and provide for the conservation of fish, wildlife, plants, and their habitats within the Refuge System. Within the range of the relict leopard frog, the Desert National Wildlife Refuge is completing cooperative efforts of States and other Federal agencies to conserve fish and wildlife resources. The refuge plays a role in the maintenance of adequate water quantity and quality to fulfill the mission. Prior to releasing relict leopard frogs at Corn Creek, the Refuge removed bullfrogs and substantially improved conditions that created habitat for the relict leopard frog. The refuge manager provides access to biologists to perform releases of frogs and monitor the population. The Refuge continues to
