Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 194 / Thursday, October 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations

69429

a continuation of similar levels of impact from the stressors affecting this species as we have in the past. We believe a continued rate of groundwater usage and continued rates of impact from other stressors over the next 30 years would not likely result in significant effects to the occupied range of the Arkansas darter. Although we expect some change on a landscape basis, we could see some range contraction in the western Cimarron and upper Rattlesnake Creek basins in Kansas and Oklahoma due to water depletion, as well as small portions of the Colorado range. Additionally, we could see some contraction in the eastern portion of the range (Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, and Oklahoma) due to land use effects. However, we do not expect to see a reduction in redundancy of the species overall (e.g., no loss of entire populations).

### Finding

Based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information pertaining to the Act’s five threat factors and the cumulative effects of stressors acting on the species and its habitat, either singly or in combination, are not of sufficient magnitude to indicate that the Arkansas darter is currently in danger of extinction or threatened within the foreseeable future throughout all or a significant portion of its range. Arkansas darter populations appear to be resilient to threats identified in previous status assessments. These threats are now believed to have fewer impacts on the Arkansas darter than previously understood; the species is known to occur at a high number of sites with redundancy and representation into the future; we know of more currently-occupied populations then we have in the past; and although some groundwater withdrawals affecting water depletion are expected to continue in approximately 25 percent of the range, we do not expect to see a reduction in redundancy of the species overall (e.g., no loss of Arkansas darter populations). Therefore, we find that listing the Arkansas darter as an endangered or threatened species is not warranted at this time and consequently we are removing it from candidate status.

As part of the Service’s 2011 multidistrict litigation settlement with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service is required to publish a proposed listing rule or non-warranted 12-month finding to the Federal Register by September 30, 2016, for each Endangered Species Act Section 4 Deadline Litigation, No. 10–377 (EGS), MDL Docket No. 2165 (D.D.C. May 10, 2011), CNOR species. The Arkansas darter was listed as candidate species in the Service’s November 10, 2010, CNOR. This document satisfies the requirements of that settlement agreement for the Arkansas darter, and constitutes the Service’s 12-month finding on the May 4, 2010, petition to list the Arkansas darter as an endangered or threatened species. A detailed discussion of the findings can be found in the Arkansas darter’s species-specific assessment form, SSA Report, and other supporting documents (see ADDRESSES, above).

## Black Mudalia (Erimia melanoides)

### Previous Federal Actions

The Service first identified black mudalia as a candidate for listing in the September 12, 2011, CNOR and retained the LPN of 8 in all subsequent CNORs (see December 10, 2008 (73 FR 73176); November 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804); February 8, 2010 (75 FR 69222); October 26, 2011 (76 FR 66370); November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69674); November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104); December 11, 2014 (79 FR 72450); and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80841)).

On April 20, 2010, we received a petition from the Center for Biological Diversity requesting that the Service list 404 Southeastern aquatic, riparian, and wetland species, including black mudalia, as endangered or threatened. No new information regarding black mudalia was provided in the petition, and on September 27, 2011, we published a 90-day finding (76 FR 59590).

### Background

The species formerly described as the black mudalia is a small species of freshwater snail growing to 13 millimeters (mm) (0.5 inches (in)) in length and belongs to the aquatic snail family of Pleuroceridae. The species originally described as the black mudalia was found clinging to clean gravel, cobble, boulders, and logs in flowing water on shoals and riffles in small streams in the Locust Fork drainage in Jefferson and Blount Counties, Alabama.

#### Summary of Status Review

The following summary is based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information. No new information was provided in the April 20, 2010, petition we received in 2016. The species was described from “rivers in North Alabama” by T.A. Conrad in 1834. Conrad did not specify a specific type locality. For the second half of the 20th century, the black mudalia was considered extinct. However, in 2003, Dr. Russell Minton published a paper on the apparent rediscovery of the species in the upper Black Warrior Basin, which he believed was Conrad’s black mudalia. He designated an individual from the upper Black Warrior Basin as the neotype—a particular specimen that is selected as the type specimen when the holotype (a single specimen chosen for the original description) or lectotype (a specimen chosen from syntypes to designate types of species), or any syntype (any one specimen of a series used in the original description if the holotype has not been selected) have become lost or destroyed—and restricted the type locality to one site in the Little Warrior River in Blount County, Alabama; however, the neotype is currently unavailable for study.
