207,638 tons of free tonnage raisins acquired by handlers from producers through the week ending June 19, 2004, plus 129,345 tons of 2002-03 carryin NS and Oleate inventory, equates to 396,983 tons of free tonnage raisins, or 373,117 tons of packed raisins, that are available to handlers for free use under this program. This is almost 190 percent of the quantity of NS raisins shipped during the 2002-03 crop year (305,153 natural condition tons or 286,286 packed tons). (Oleates were included in this computation because, as previously stated, Oleates were combined with the NS raisin type beginning with the 2003–04 crop year.)

In addition to the 10 plus 10 offers, § 989.67(f) of the order provides the authority for the sale of reserve raisins to handlers under certain conditions such as a national emergency, crop failure, change in economic or market conditions, inadequate carryover, or if free tonnage shipments in the current crop year are substantially below those of a comparable period of the prior crop year. Such reserve raisins may be sold by handlers to any market. With the implementation of additional offers of reserve raisins make even more raisins available to primary markets, which is consistent with USDA’s Goals.

The Committee plans to offer 3,714 tons of 2002-03 NS raisins reserved for sale to handlers for free use pursuant to § 989.67(f). Free tonnage deliveries as of June 19, 2004, were 207,638 tons, which is 3,835 tons less than the 211,493-ton trade demand. Offering 3,855 tons of reserve raisins for sale to handlers for free use would provide adequately to make available the full 211,493-ton on trade demand. Free tonnage shipments from August 2003 through May 2004 are 1,859 tons less than the corresponding shipments during the same period last year. Adding the 1,859 tons to the 3,855 tons equals to a total of 5,714 tons of reserves being offered for sale for free use under § 989.67(f) of the order.

### Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis

Pursuant to requirements set forth in the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA), the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has considered the economic impact of this action on small entities. Accordingly, AMS has prepared this final regulatory flexibility analysis. The purpose of the RFA is to fit regulatory actions to the scale of business subject to such actions in order that small businesses will not be unduly or disproportionately harmed. Marketing orders issued pursuant to the Act, and rules issued thereunder, are unique in that they are brought about through group action of essentially small entities acting on their own behalf. Thus, both statutes have small entity orientation and compatibility.

There are approximately 20 handlers of California raisins who are subject to regulation and approximately 4,500 raisin producers in the regulated area. Small agricultural service firms are defined by the Small Business Administration (SBA CFR 121.201) as those having annual receipts of less than $5,000,000, and small agricultural production firms as those having annual receipts of less than $750,000. Thirteen of the 20 handlers subject to regulation have annual sales of less than $5,000,000, and the remaining 7 handlers have sales of less than $5,000,000. No more than 100 producers, and a number of producers, of California raisins may be classified as small entities.

Since 1949, the California raisin industry has been operated under a Federal marketing order. The order contains authority to, among other things, limit the volume of raisins that can be marketed freely in any outlet by raisin handlers. This volume control mechanism is used to stabilize supplies and prices and strengthen market conditions.

Pursuant to 989.54(d) of the order, the raisin committee defines in effect final volume regulation percentages for 2003– 04 crop NS raisins. The volume regulation percentages are 70 percent free and 30 percent reserve. Free tonnage raisins may be sold by handlers to any market. Reserve raisins must be held in storage at the direction of the Committee and are disposed of through certain programs authorized under the order.

Volume regulation is warranted this season for NS raisins because acquisitions of 96,606 tons through the week ending June 19, 2004, combined with the carryin inventory of 129,345 tons, results in a total available supply of 225,951 tons, which is 6.5 percent higher than the 211,493-ton trade demand. (Oleate inventory was included in this computation because, as previously stated, Oleates were combined with the NS raisin type beginning with the 2003–04 crop year.) Marketing orders and volume regulation procedures have helped the industry address its marketing problems by keeping supplies in balance with consumer demand, meeting market needs, and strengthening market conditions. The volume regulation procedures fully supply the domestic and export markets, provide for market expansion, and help reduce the burden of oversupplies in the domestic market.

Raisin growers are a perennial crop; production in any year is dependent upon plantings made in earlier years. The sun-drying method of producing raisins involves considerable risk because of weather conditions.

Even though the product and the industry are viewed as mature, the industry has undergone considerable change over the last several decades. Before the 1975–76 crop year, more than 50 percent of the raisins were packed and sold directly to consumers. Now, over 60 percent of raisins are sold in bulk. This means that raisins are now used as an ingredient or as a minor ingredient in another product such as cereal and baked goods. In addition, for a few years after the 1970s, 80 percent of the raisin grapes were sold to the wine market for crushing. Since then, the percent of raisin-variety grapes sold to the wine market has decreased. California’s grapes are classified into three groups: fresh-table grape, wine grapes, and raisin-variety grapes. Raisin-variety grapes are the most versatile of the three types. They can be marketed as fresh grapes, dried into raisins, used in the production of wine or juice concentrate, or dried into raisins. Annual fluctuations in the fresh table, wine, and concentrate markets, as well as weather-related factors, cause fluctuations in raisin supply. This type of situation introduces a certain amount of variability into the raisin market. Although the size of the crop for raisin-variety grapes is fairly constant, the amount dried for raisins depends on the demand for crushing. This makes the marketing of raisins more difficult task. These supply fluctuations can result in producer price instability and disorderly market conditions.

Volume regulation is helpful to the raisin industry because it lessens the impact of such fluctuations and strengthens market marketing. For example, producer prices for NS raisins remained fairly steady from the 1993–94 through 1997–98 seasons, despite large production variations. As shown in the table below, during those years, production varied from a low of 272,063 tons in 1995–96 to a high of 387,007 tons in 1993–94, or about 42 percent. According to Committee data, the total producer price for NS raisins for those years, which includes proceeds from both free tonnage plus reserve raisins, ranged from a low of $904.60 per ton in 1993–94 to a high of $1,049.11 in 1996– 97, or 16 percent. Total producer prices for the 1998–99 and 1999–2000 seasons were significantly depressed due to back short crops during those years. Producer prices dropped dramatically for the last three seasons due to record-
