the Ely District Record of Decision and  
Approved Resource Management Plan  
(ROD/RMP), dated August 20, 2008, as  
referenced in the Lands and Realty  
objectives LR-8, page 66, LR-11, page 67,  
and LR-12, page 67. The disposal of these  
parcels will be conducted consistent with  
Section 203 of FLPLMA; Public Law 108–424,  
the Lincoln County Conservation, Recreation,  
and Development Act of 2004 (LCCRDA); and  
Public Law 109–362, the Tax Relief and Health  
Care Act of 2006 (TRHCA) and Public Law 110–  
White Pine County Conservation,  
Recreation, and Development Act  
(WPCCRDA). These parcels are not required  
for any other Federal purposes, and their  
disposal would be in the public interest and  
consistent with the intent of the WPCCRDA.  

The WPCCRDA (Pub. L. 100–432), section  
1101(b), provides that Federal land described  
in subsection (a) of that Act is withdrawn from  
all forms of entry and appropriation under public  
lands and mining laws; all minerals will be retained  
by the Federal Government. A Mineral Survey was  
completed on July 6, 2013. A Finding of No Significant  
Impact and Decision Record, dated September 12, 2019,  
were completed in conjunction with this notice of realty action.  

According to the LCCRDA (Pub. L. 108–424),  
the lands identified within the Ely Resource  
Management Plan are withdrawn from location  
under the public mining laws and from operation  
under the mineral and geothermal leasing laws  
until such time as the Secretary of the Interior  
(secretary) terminates the withdrawal or the lands  
are patented. In accordance with the LCCRDA and  
WPCCRDA, 85 percent of the revenue generated by  
this sale will be used for archaeological resources,  
natural resource conservation, recreation, and  
wilderness planning, and other opportunities in  
Lincoln and White Pine Counties respectively. Also,  
five percent of the revenue will go to the State of Nevada  
General Education Fund and 10 percent of the revenue  
will go to Lincoln or White Pine County respectively.  

The following National Environmental Policy Act documents  
apply to this proposed land sale. Separate environmental assessments  
were prepared for the parcels in each county. The Lincoln County parcels  
are analyzed in DOI–BLM–NV–L030–2015–  
0027–EA (https://eplanning.blm.gov/eplanning-  
ui/project/76546/510) and DOI–BLM–NV–L030–2015–0026–EA  
(https://eplanning.blm.gov/eplanning-  
ui/project/72496/510). The White Pine  
County parcels are analyzed in DOI–  
BLM–NV–L030–2018–0002–EA (https://  
eplanning.blm.gov/eplanning-ui/  
project/104342/510).  

Submit comments to the address in the ADDRESSES section. Before including your address, phone number, email address, or other personally identifiable information (PII) in your comment, you should be aware that your entire comment—including any personally identifiable information—may be made publicly available at any time. While you can ask us in your comment to withhold your personally identifiable information from public review, we cannot guarantee that we will be able to do so.  

Any comments regarding the proposed sale will be reviewed by the BLM Ely District Office Manager, who may sustain, vacate, or modify this realty action in response to such comments. In the absence of timely adverse comments, this realty action will become the final determination of the authorized officer.  

The use of the modified competitive sale method is consistent with 43 CFR 2711.3–2. Public lands may be offered for sale by competitive bidding using bidding procedures when the authorized officer determines it is necessary based on public policy. Consistent with Executive Order 14008, Tackling the Climate Crisis at Home and Abroad, the BLM believes that an online auction format would maximize the opportunity for public involvement while reducing greenhouse gas emissions that would result from bidders traveling to fly. Additionally, utilizing an online auction would increase participation by qualified bidders.  

The regulations at 43 CFR 2711.2 state that qualified conveyees shall be:  

(1) A citizen of the United States 18 years of age or older;  

(2) An entity subject to the laws of any State or of the United States;  

(3) A State, State instrumentality, or political subdivision authorized to hold land; or  

(4) An entity legally capable of conveying and holding lands or interests therein under the laws of the State of Nevada.  

The successful bidder must submit proof of citizenship or articles of incorporation within thirty (30) days from receipt of the acceptance of bid letter. Proof of United States citizenship is a birth certificate, passport, or naturalization papers. Citizenship documents or articles of incorporation (as applicable) must be provided to the BLM EYDO for each sale.  

The EnergyNet auction website is viewable by the public in real-time; however, you must register as a bidder with EnergyNet to place bids for a parcel during the auction. The online auction website will be active for ten (10) days prior to and ten (10) days after the date of this notice and will remain available for viewing until the completion of the auction. The available dates for this notice will be listed in detail on the EnergyNet website. Interested parties may visit the website at https://www.EnergyNet.com.  

Potential bidders are encouraged to visit the EnergyNet website at least ten (10) days prior to the start of the open bidding period to review the bidding instructions available at https://www.EnergyNet.com/page/Government_Lands_Participation. Supporting documentation is available on the EnergyNet website to familiarize users with the bidding process and answer frequently asked questions.  

Potential bidders may register for the online auction once the auction website is active. To participate in the BLM bidding process, you must register with EnergyNet and obtain a bidder identification number. Rules for online bidding will be available prior to the sale date on the EnergyNet website at https:// www.EnergyNet.com/govLand. Click on the orange “Register for Sale” button on the blue “Ely District 2024 Land Sale” banner. After registration, click on the light blue “View Listings” button on the “Ely District 2024 Land Sale” banner to obtain maps and get information on how to place online bids via the internet for the sale. A subsequent online internet bid is a binding offer to purchase.  

To participate in this sale, prospective buyers must create an EnergyNet account, complete the EnergyNet Bidding Terms Agreement, request a bid allowance, and register for the Ely District 2024 Land Sale. EnergyNet may require approximately five (5) business days to determine the bidder’s financial qualifications. Additional information on how to register with EnergyNet may be found at https://www.EnergyNet.com/ page/Government_Listings.  

Participation Fees  

Assistance with creating an EnergyNet account and registering for the sale is available by contacting EnergyNet’s Customer Services Department at 877–351–4488. Use the following link to create a Buyer’s Account: https:// www.EnergyNet.com/bidder_reg.php?Registration_choice=government. After the account is created, follow the link “Submit Bank Information Online”
