69430 Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 194 / Thursday, October 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations

Recently, the Service’s Alabama Ecological Services Field Office learned that a specimen at the Museum of Comparative Zoology in Boston, Massachusetts, identified by T.A. Conrad as A. melanoides, was the same species as described by Minton et al. (2003). Therefore, we cannot with any certainty determine the status of either the entity that Conrad (1834) first described as A. melanoides, or the entity that Minton et al. (2003) re- described as A. m. melanoides. An additional taxonomic review, led by the Smithsonian Institution, is underway as of early 2016. The results of this review will resolve questions about the Elinia spp. boundaries, status, and distribution within the Black Warrior River Basin.

### Finding

The Act only allows listing of “species” as defined under Section 3(16)—that is, recognized species, subspecies, and distinct population segments of vertebrates. Based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information, and in light of the aforementioned taxonomic uncertainty described above, we conclude that the black mudalia is not currently a recognizable “species.” We are therefore removing the black mudalia from candidate species pending further action.

As a result of the Service’s 2011 multidistrict litigation settlement with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service is required to submit a proposed listing rule or a not warranted 12-month finding to the Federal Register by September 30, 2016 [In re: Endangered Species Act Section 4 Deadline Litigation, No. 10–377 (EGS), MDL Docket No. 2165 (D.D.C. May 10, 2011)], for all 251 species that were included as candidates for listing in the Service’s November 10, 2010, CNOR. This document satisfies the requirements of that settlement agreement for the black mudalia, and constitutes the Service’s 12-month finding on the April 20, 2010, petition to list the black mudalia as an endangered or threatened species. A more detailed discussion of the basis for this finding can be found in the black mudalia’s species assessment form and other supporting documents (see ADDRESSES below).

#### Highlands Tiger Beetle (Cicindela highlandensis)

##### Previous Federal Actions

The Highlands tiger beetle was first recognized as a candidate species on November 23, 1993 (58 FR 63004), when we assigned the species an LPN of 2. In the October 30, 2001, CNOR (66 FR 54808), we changed the LPN for the Highlands tiger beetle from 2 to 5, due to the fact that threats to the species’ scrub habitat had decreased with the acquisition of scrub habitat by the State of Florida and conservation groups. On May 4, 2004, the Service received a petition dated May 4, 2004, from the Center for Biological Diversity and others to list 235 species as endangered or threatened, including the Highlands tiger beetle. The species was retained as a candidate with an LPN of 5 through the 2015 CNOR (see June 13, 2007 (72 FR 40657); May 4, 2004 (69 FR 24876); May 11, 2005 (70 FR 24870); May 26, 2006 (71 FR 30378); December 6, 2007 (72 FR 69034); December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75176); December 9, 2009 (74 FR 65378); November 10, 2010 (75 FR 69222); October 26, 2011 (76 FR 66370); October 25, 2012 (77 FR 65046); November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104); December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450); and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584)).

##### Background

The Highlands tiger beetle is elongate with an oval shape and bulging eyes, and is one of the smallest (7.0–9.5 mm) ([0.28–0.37 in]) tiger beetles in the United States. Like all other tiger beetles, adult Highlands tiger beetles are active diurnal predators that use their large mandibles to capture small arthropods and run quickly to capture prey with their well-developed mandibles (jaws). Tiger beetle larvae are worm-like with a soft, white body and a dark or metallic head with large mandibles. Larvae are sedentary sit-and-wait predators occupying deep permanent burrows flush with the ground surface. When feeding, larvae position themselves near the burrow mouth and quickly strike at and seize small arthropods that pass within a few millimeters of the burrow mouth. Larvae prey on smaller arthropods similar to adults.

The Highlands tiger beetle occurs in open sandy patches of Florida scrub habitat on the Lake Wales Ridge in Highlands and Polk Counties. This region contains some of the largest and oldest Florida scrub ecosystems. The harsh environment on the Lake Wales Ridge is characterized by nutrient-poor, acidic, and well-drained soils, and (historically) frequent wildfires. The Highlands tiger beetle is often associated with erect scrub oaks, as well as high pineland with deciduous turkey oak (Quercus laevis) and longleaf pine (Pinus palustris).

High-quality habitat for the species is primarily scrub or sandhill having natural or management-created interior patches with a high percent of open sand (greater than 50 percent) that is connected by a network of narrow open patches by lightly disturbed trails or paths. The known extant range of the Highlands tiger beetle includes the core of the suitable (scrub) habitat in the central and south-central portion of the Lake Wales Ridge, approximately 90 km (56 mi) in length and about 10 km (6 mi) in width.

##### Summary of Status Review

The following summary is based on information contained in our files. The Highlands tiger beetle is narrowly distributed and restricted to areas of bare sand within scrub and sandhill on the eastern slopes of the Lake Wales Ridge in Polk and Highlands Counties, Florida. Highlands tiger beetles have been found in 56 of the total 71 sites surveyed at the core of the Lake Wales Ridge. A total of 1,574 adults were found at four sites. A total of 643 adults at 31 sites were found in 1990; 928 adults at 31 sites in 1995; and 742 adults at 46 sites in 1998. The visual reference count of 2,231 adults was found from 46 sites in 2014. This increase in the number of beetles can be attributed to new survey sites and finding a large number of beetles at these sites. Estimates from the visual reference counts are used to provide an estimate of the populations. Results from a limited removal survey show that the population size at some survey sites can be as much as two to three times as high as the visual reference counts. Surveys for Highlands tiger beetles were not exhaustive, and there are additional potential suitable habitats. An estimate of Highlands tiger beetles in these additional potential habitats added to the modified index count produces an estimated population size of 10,438 adults in at least 16 populations. Based on these expanded surveys and the findings of additional large beetle populations at these sites, it is determined that the Highlands tiger beetle is more abundant than previously documented, and its habitat is of much better quality than previously documented. Of the 15 sites with the largest populations, 7 sites show an increase in the number of individuals. The high or good quality also increased from 13 in 2005, to 21 in 2014, and of the currently known sites, nearly half of them (21 of 46) are of high or good quality.
