Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 194 / Thursday, October 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations

69433

# Two Kentucky Cave Beetles (Louisville Cave Beetle *Pseudanophthalmus troglodytes*) and Tatun Cave Beetle (*Pseudanophthalmus puritus*)

## Previous Federal Actions

The Louisville cave beetle and Tatun Cave beetle were added to the Federal list of candidate species on January 11, 1994, CNOR (59 FR 5892) as Category 2 species. Category 2 candidates were those taxa identified as those taxa for which the Service possessed information indicating proposing to list them as threatened was possibly appropriate but for which conclusive data on biological vulnerability and threats sufficient to support a proposed listing were lacking. On February 28, 1996, CNOR (61 FR 7596) discontinued recognition of categories, so both species were no longer considered candidate species and were therefore removed from the candidate list.

In the October 30, 2001, CNOR, the Service re-evaluated both cave beetle species, and placed them back on the candidate list with a priority of 5 based on its own internal process with an LPN of 5 (66 FR 54808). The Service received a petition from the Center for Biological Diversity and others dated May 11, 2004, to list eight cave beetles, including the Louisville cave beetle and Tatun Cave beetle, as endangered or threatened species. In the May 11, 2005, CNOR (70 FR 24870), the Service determined that listing the Louisville cave beetle and Tatun Cave beetle was warranted but precluded by higher priority listing actions. Further, we have included both species as stressed in this finding in every CNOR since 2001 (see October 30, 2001 (66 FR 54808); June 13, 2002 [67 FR 40657]; December 4, 2003 (68 FR 69244); May 11, 2005 (70 FR 24870); September 12, 2006 (71 FR 53756); December 6, 2007 (72 FR 69034); February 28, 2008 (73 FR 75176); November 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804); November 10, 2010 (75 FR 69222); October 26, 2011 (76 FR 66370); November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69994); November 22, 2013 (78 FR 70104); December 5, 2014 (79 FR 72450); and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584).

## Background

These two species are small (about 4 mm [0.16 in] in length), predatory cave beetles that occupy moist habitats containing organic matter transported from aboveground outside the cave environment. Members of the genus *Pseudanophthalmus* are generally rare in rarity within wide-spread species that are found in many caves to species that are extremely rare and commonly restricted to one cave or only a few cave habitats. The Louisville cave beetle is restricted to four caves in Jefferson County, Kentucky, while the Tatun Cave beetle is known from one cave (Tatum Cave) in Marion County, Kentucky.

### Summary of Status Review

When the Louisville cave beetle and Tatun Cave beetle were identified as candidates for protection under the Act on October 30, 2001, CNOR (66 FR 54808), the Service concluded that both species were vulnerable to toxic chemical spills, disturbances of large numbers of visitors, closure or alterations of cave entrances, and the disruption of cave energy processes by urban, industrial, residential, and commercial development. Our general perception at that time was that species were vulnerable to these habitat stressors because we suspected that these stressors were significant and the species' overall population size was likely decreasing. We also noted the lack of State or Federal regulations to protect the species. In the May 11, 2005, CNOR (70 FR 24870), we noted both species' limited distribution and that this would increase their vulnerability to stressors that would have only a minimal effect on more wide-ranging members of the genus *Pseudanophthalmus*. Both species were assigned an LPN of 5.

Over the last two years, field surveys for the Louisville cave beetle have provided new information about its distribution and stressors. Based on this new information, we have re-examined the species and re-evaluated the magnitude and immediacy of its threats. Lewis and Lewis confirmed the continued presence of *P. troglodytes* in the John Cave population (a period of 20 years) and observed the species in three new caves (Sauerkrank Cave, Cave Hill Cave, and the Cave of the Mounds) and that the species is more abundant and widespread than previously believed. The species was difficult to find in each site visited (total of five sites where beetles observed), but this is not unusual for the genus *Pseudanophthalmus*, as it tends to be patchily distributed and usually observed in low numbers. Population estimates or discernable trends for these populations have not been possible due to the species being patchily distributed, observed and the difficulty in finding specimens during cave visits. We concluded that caves within the species' range likely continue to be affected by many of the same stressors identified by previous investigators: reduced energy inputs, sedimentation, pollution, and human visitation. However, we have no evidence that these stressors are operative threats that are adversely affecting *P. troglodytes* at a population level.

#### Tatun Cave Beetle

With respect to the Tatun Cave beetle, we have no evidence suggesting that the species is still extant in Tatun Cave. The species was relatively abundant in Tatun Cave when first observed by C. H. Krekeler in 1957, but the species appeared to be less common in 1965, when T. C. Barr observed only 10 individuals. Since 1965, extensive surveys of Tatun Cave have been conducted on several occasions, using search techniques similar to those used by C. H. Krekeler and T. C. Barr (i.e., meticulous visual searches of all suitable habitats). Three of these survey efforts also involved the use of baited pitfall traps (small cans buried in the substrate and filled with hamburger cheese) placed in several locations within Tatun Cave for a period of one week. Despite these efforts, no Tatun Cave Beetles have been observed in Tatun Cave since the last observation by Barr in 1965 (a period of 51 years).

The Tatun Cave beetle is small in size and may be more difficult to locate than some cave organisms; however, both Krekeler and Barr were able to find the species using similar methods as subsequent searches of suitable habitats in Tatun Cave. Subsequent researchers have used similar methods and failed to find the species on eight separate occasions in the exact same habitats within Tatun Cave, but no Tatun Cave beetles have been discovered. Based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information, the Service believes the Tatun Cave beetle to be extinct. We acknowledge that it is difficult, if not impossible, to verify a species' extinction, especially given the uncertainty about the actual status of the species, and we acknowledge that, as suggested by Lewis and Lewis, there remains a chance that the species remains extant but occurs in low numbers and is simply undetectable using traditional search methods. However, considering the best available scientific and commercial information, we believe that it is reasonable to conclude that the species is extinct. The Service encourages continued surveys for the Tatun Cave beetle in Tatun Cave, as time and resources allow. If the species is subsequently found to be extant, we can reevaluate its legal status under the Act in the future.
