69432

Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 194 / Thursday, October 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations

the Service possessed information indicating that listing it on the taxa was possibly appropriate, but for which conclusive data on biological vulnerability and threats sufficient to support a proposed rulemaking were lacking. Panicum hirtistii remained a Category 2 candidate species in the subsequent periodic notices of review in 1983, 1985, 1988, 1989, 1990 (54 FR 53640, November 28, 1989; 50 FR 39526, September 27, 1985; 55 FR 6184, February 21, 1990; 55 FR 48974, November 30, 1990). The Service did not publish any other notices of review for plants until the 1996 revision.

The Service revised candidate categories in 1996, and Panicum hirtistii was not included as a candidate under the updated categorization [61 FR 7596; February 28, 1996]. The revised categories further defined a candidate species as a species for which we have on file sufficient information on biological vulnerability and threats to support issuance of a listing proposal, but for which development of a listing regulation is precluded by other higher priority listing actions.

In 1999, the Service included Panicum hirtistii as a new candidate species in its annual notice of petition findings, through its own internal assessment process (i.e., not via a petition), and assigned it an LPN of 5, meaning it was a species facing a high magnitude of nonimminent threats (64 FR 57534, October 25, 1999). Panicum hirtistii was included in each subsequent CNORs with an LPN of 5 in 2001, 2002, and 2004 (66 FR 54808, October 30, 2001; 67 FR 40657, June 18, 2002; 69 FR 24876, May 4, 2004). The Service did not publish a CNOR in 2003.

On May 11, 2005, we received a petition from the Center for Biological Diversity and other groups and individuals requesting that the Service list D. hirtistii and 225 other candidate species as endangered species or threatened species under the Act. In 2005, the Service again made a warranted-but-precluded finding for the plant, with an LPN of 5, but noted a change in its scientific name from Dichanthelium hirtistii (70 FR 24870, May 11, 2005).

In 2006 through 2014, D. hirtistii remained a candidate with an LPN of 5 (71 FR 53756, December 6, 2006 [71 FR 53756], December 6, 2007 [72 FR 69034], December 10, 2008 [73 FR 75176], November 9, 2009 [74 FR 57804], December 10, 2010 [75 FR 69222], October 26, 2011 [76 FR 66370], November 21, 2012 [77 FR 69944], November 27, 2013 [78 FR 70484], and December 5, 2014 [79 FR 72450]). In 2015, D. hirtistii was included as a candidate in the CNOR, but the LPN was elevated from 5 to 2, indicating a species with a high magnitude of imminent threats (80 FR 80584, December 24, 2015).

### Background

Dichanthelium hirtistii, as referenced in some literature, is a perennial grass. The species is currently estimated to occur in eight locations distributed across four States: New Jersey (Barnegat Bay, Lakehurst, and Berlin Avenue); North Carolina (Atlantic County, and Hampton Furnace Pond in Bladen County); Delaware (Huguenot Pond in Sussex County); and North Carolina (Starrett's Meadow and Lyman Road in Onslow County); and a ninth location, in Calhoun County, Georgia, is considered historical.

#### Summary of Status Review

The plant that the Service has been referring to as P. hirtistii or D. hirtistii has always had a complex taxonomic history, and has undergone several changes to its scientific name as our understanding of its genetics and morphology has evolved. The Flora of North America (FNA) is one source of taxonomic information for plants and is considered the taxonomic authority for plants in North America because it is a comprehensive, systematic account of the plants of North America. While several authors have published regional floras that treat Panicum hirtistii/Dichanthelium hirtistii as a separate entity, few have published taxonomic treatments since the last taxonomic treatment was the 2003 FNA, which is a complete taxonomic treatment of the Dichanthelium genus and the specific treatment that explicitly relegates P. hirtistii/D. hirtistii to synonymy of D. dichotomum ssp. roanokense.

The best available scientific and commercial information indicates that the plant the Service had considered a candidate species is not a valid taxon and is instead a widespread species that appears to grow on the coastal plain from Delaware to southwestern Texas and in the West Indies. Although the Integrated Taxonomic Information System (ITIS; http://www.itis.gov) reports the species as accepted and the Service often relies on ITIS as a reliable database source of taxonomic information, in this instance ITIS is incorrect. Given the clear review of the taxonomic history of P. hirtistii/D. hirtistii, the Service recognizes that we overlooked the relevance of the synonymy information, and in retrospect should not have included P. hirtistii or D. hirtistii as a candidate species. While the 2013 published and draft documents of McGahey et al. and Weakley, respectively, and the ITIS database information do not individually or collectively represent a more compelling systematic analysis of the plant’s taxonomic status than they are not full taxonomic treatments of Panicum and Dichanthelium, they do corroborate and support the FNA’s 2003 treatment of Panicum and Dichanthelium as representing the best available scientific and commercial information regarding the plant’s taxonomic status. The FNA’s treatment indicates that neither P. hirtistii nor D. hirtistii meet the Act’s definition of “species” or variety. Therefore, the best available scientific and commercial information indicates that P. hirtistii/D. hirtistii does not meet the Act’s definition of a species.

#### Finding

Based on the best available scientific and commercial information, we find that the plant does not meet the Act’s definition of “species” and is, therefore, not a listable entity under the Act. Dichanthelium hirtistii was previously treated as D. dichotomum ssp. roanokense (Ash), which “grows on the coastal plain from Delaware to southwestern Texas and in the West Indies.” As a result, we are removing Dichanthelium hirtistii from the candidate list.

As a result of the Service’s 2011 multidistrict litigation settlement with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service is required to submit a proposed listing rule or a not-warranted 12-month finding to the Federal Register by September 30, 2016 (Fiscal Year Endangered Species Act Section 4 Deadline Litigation, No. 1-07-377 (EGS), MDL Docket No. 2165, ECF No. 112, 2011), for all 251 species that were included as candidate species in the Service’s November 10, 2010, CNOR. This document is one of those assessments that settlement agreement for the Hirst Brothers’ panic grass, and constitutes the Service’s response to the May 4, 2004, petition to list the Hirst Brothers’ panic grass as an endangered or threatened species. A detailed summary of the basis for this finding, including a complete review of the taxonomic history, can be found in the Hirst Brothers’ panic grass’s species-specific assessment form and other supporting documents (see ADDRESSES, above).
