# Federal Register / Vol. 89, No. 134 / Friday, July 12, 2024 / Notices

The regulation provides that all other use, absent statutory or other express authority, requires a sales contract or permit. The BLM refers interested parties to the explanation of this regulation contained in the preamble to the final rule published in the Federal Register in 2001, available at https:// www.federalregister.gov/d/01-29001, which states that material use would not include large-scale use of mineral materials, even within the boundaries of the surface estate conveyed.

Further explanation is contained in the BLM Instruction Memorandum No. 2014–085 (April 23, 2014), available on the BLM website at www.blm.gov/policy/im_2014-085.

The following numbered terms and conditions will appear on the conveyance instruments for the sale parcels:

(1) All mineral deposits in the lands so patented, and to it, or persons authorized by it, the right to prospect for, mine, and remove such deposits from the same under applicable law and regulations are reserved to the United States. Together with all necessary access and exit rights.

(2) A right-of-way is reserved for ditches and canals constructed by the Secretary authorized by the Act of August 30, 1890 (31 U.S.C. 945).

(3) The parcels are subject to all valid existing rights.

(4) The parcels are subject to reservations for roads, public utilities, and flood control purposes, both existing and proposed, in accordance with the applicable governing entities' transportation plan.

(5) An appropriate indemnification clause protecting the United States from claims arising out of the United States' use, occupancy, or occupations on the patented lands.

To the extent required by law, the parcels are subject to the requirements of Section 120(h) of the CERCLA, as amended. Accordingly, notice is hereby given that the parcels have been examined and no evidence was found to indicate that any hazardous substances have been stored for one year or more, nor that any hazardous substances have been disposed of or released on the subject properties.

No warranty of any kind, express or implied, is given by the United States as to the title, whether or to what extent the land may be developed, its physical condition, value, fitness, or any other circumstance or condition. The issuance of the conveyance of the parcels will not be on a contingency basis.

## Authority:
43 CFR 2711.3–2.

### Robbie McAbay,
District Manager, Ely District Office.
[FR Doc. 2024–15246 Filed 7–11–24; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 4311–27–P

## DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR

### Bureau of Indian Affairs

#### Bureau of Land Management [BLM_NM_FRN_MO4500178179]

##### Termination of Preparation of the Environmental Impact Statement for the Farmington Mancos-Gallup Resource Management Plan Amendment, New Mexico

###### AGENCY:
Bureau of Land Management; Bureau of Indian Affairs, Interior.

###### ACTION:
Notice of termination.

###### SUMMARY:
The Bureau of Land Management (BLM) and the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) are terminating the preparation of an environmental impact statement (EIS) for the Farmington Mancos-Gallup Resource Management Plan (RMP) Amendment.

###### DATES:
The EIS development process for the Farmington Mancos-Gallup RMP Amendment is terminated immediately.

###### FOR FURTHER INFORMATION CONTACT:
BLM Farmington Field Office Project Manager, Scott McCarley, 505–564–7600 or BLM Navajo Region Project Manager Robert Begay, 505–603–6185. Individuals in the United States who are deaf, hard-of-hearing, or have a speech disability may contact 711 (TTY, TDD, or TeleBraille) to access telecommunications relay services for contacting Ms. Scott or Mr. Begay. Individuals outside the United States should use the relay services offered within their country to make a connection with a U.S.-based point-of-contact in the United States.

###### SUPPLEMENTARY INFORMATION:
Pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (NEPA), as amended, and the Council on Environmental Quality regulations, the BLM announced its intent to prepare a plan amendment and associated EIS on February 25, 2014 (79 FR 10548). On October 21, 2016, the BLM and the BIA published a Notice in the Federal Register announcing the addition of the BIA as a co-lead agency for the EIS (81 FR 72819). The purpose of the EIS was to analyze the impacts of additional oil and gas development within the San Juan Basin in northwestern New Mexico, as well as decisions related to lands and realty, BLM-managed lands with wilderness characteristics, and vegetation management. The EIS was also to evaluate alternatives and issues related to oil and gas leasing, mineral leasing and associated activity decisions on Navajo Tribal Trust Lands and Navajo Indian Allotments.

The Notice of Availability for the Draft EIS published in the Federal Register on February 28, 2020 (85 FR 11421). The bureaus distributed the Draft EIS to various Federal, State, and local agencies, elected officials, special interest groups, Native American Tribes, and the media. Due to the COVID–19 pandemic and restrictions placed on in-person gatherings, virtual hearings were held on May 14, 15, 16, and 18, 2020, as well as on August 26, 27, 28, 29, and 29, 2020. Since the initial publication of the Notice of Intent in 2014 and 2016, and the publication of the draft RMP Amendment and EIS in 2020, there have been many changes that need to be planned for and addressed associated with such a change in the development trends in the San Juan Basin, including the decrease of 500,000 acres from mineral entry around the Chaco Culture National Historical Park; the publication of BLM’s two economic studies for the region; the establishment of the Honoring Chaco Initiative; and an increase in outdoor recreation. The regional economic climate has changed and the extent of revisions necessary to address these changes in the current EIS process has become so extensive it is impractical to continue the plan amendment effort as currently structured. Therefore, the BLM and BIA have determined preparation of the EIS for the RMP Amendment is no longer needed.

(Authority: 40 CFR 1506.6, 40 CFR 1506.10)

### Melanie G. Barnes,
BLM New Mexico State Director.
Dated: June 20, 2024.
Acting BIA Navajo Region Director.
[FR Doc. 2024–15278 Filed 7–11–24; 8:45 am]
BILLING CODE 4311–27–P

## DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR

### Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement

[Docket ID BSEE–2024–0003; EIES000000 00170000 ETIS00000 EA0000; OMB Control Number 1014–0023]

#### Agency Information Collection Activities; Pollution Prevention and Control

###### AGENCY:
Bureau of Safety and Environmental Enforcement, Interior.
