69438 Federal Register / Vol. 81, No. 194 / Thursday, October 6, 2016 / Rules and Regulations

including the sicklefin redhorse sucker. The petition included supporting information regarding the species' taxonomy and ecology, historical and current distribution, present status, and actual and potential threats to the sicklefin. In a partial 90-day finding on the petition to list 404 species, published on September 27, 2013 (78 FR 59836), the Service reaffirmed the existing candidate status of the sicklefin redhorse sucker.

### Background

The sicklefin redhorse sucker (_Moxostoma sp._), a freshwater fish species, can grow to a length of approximately 650 mm (roughly 25.6 in). It has a moderately compressed body and a high falcate (sickle-shaped) dorsal fin (back fin). Its body is olive-green above; a coppery or brassy sheen; its lower fins (pectoral, pelvic, and anal fins) are primarily dusky to dark, often tinged yellow or orange along the edges; the caudal fin (tail fin) is mostly red; and its dorsal fin is olive in color, sometimes partly red. Although the sicklefin redhorse sucker is now known to have been collected in 1937 (based upon preserved specimens from the unimpounded mouth of Forney Creek near its confluence with the Tuckasegee River), it was not recognized as a potentially distinct species until 1992, when Dr. Robert Jenkins obtained and examined two specimens that had been collected in 1981 and 1983 from the Little Tennessee River by Dr. Edward Menhinick (University of North Carolina at Asheville, North Carolina). Based on the characteristics of the specimen's lower lips, dorsal fins, and pharyngeal teeth, Jenkins recognized the specimen as possibly a previously unidentified species or a hybrid of the smallmouth redhorse (_M. brevirostrum_) and the greater redhorse (_M. carinatum_). Subsequent detailed morphological and behavioral studies and genetic analyses have concluded that the sicklefin redhorse sucker is, in fact, a distinct species. The Service has reviewed the available taxonomic literature and is not aware of any challenges to the validity of this conclusion.

The species is currently known to occupy cool to warm, moderate-gradient creeks and rivers and, at least parts of its early life, large reservoirs. In streams, the habitats of the species are generally associated with moderate to fast currents, in riffle runs, well-oxygenated water, while juvenile shows a preference for moderate to deep pools with slow currents and large boulder crevice cover. Adults feed and spawn over gravel, cobble, boulder, and bedrock substrates with no, or very little, silt overlay.

Past and recent collection records of the sicklefin redhorse sucker, together with what is known about the life history and habitat of the species, indicate that the sicklefin redhorse sucker once inhabited the majority, if not all, of the upper Hiwassee River Ridge portion of the Hiwassee and Little Tennessee River systems in North Carolina, Tennessee, and Georgia. Currently, there appear to be three metapopulations of the sicklefin redhorse sucker known to remain. One metapopulation is in the Hiwassee and one in the Little Tennessee River system. Estimated occupied stream habitat in these two river systems is about 51.0 river miles (rm). However, use of various streams/stream reaches within this total appears to be seasonal. Information suggests that the sicklefin redhorse sucker uses Brasstown Creek, Hanging Dog Creek, and the main stem of the Hiwassee River, primarily for spawning. No spawning or courting behavior was observed in the upper system of the Hiwassee River; the mid and lower Hiwassee River or lower reaches of the main stem of the Hiwassee River from the post-spawning period through the fall and early winter; or the lower unimpounded reach of the Tuckasegee River, and to a lesser extent, the lower Valley River, during the winter months.

The Little Tennessee River system metapopulation of the sicklefin redhorse sucker includes a total of approximately 59.15 rm of creek and river reaches plus Fontana Reservoir. The Fontana Reservoir, including: (1) The main stem of the Little Tennessee River in Macon and Swain Counties, North Carolina, and the Franklin arm of Fontana Reservoir (approximately 23.2 rm), and its tributaries, Burningtown Creek, and the upper reaches of Deep Creek (approximately 0.1 rm) in Macon County, North Carolina; (2) the main stem of the Tuckasegee River in Swain and Jackson counties, North Carolina, from approximately rm 27.7 downstream to Fontana Reservoir (approximately 13.5 rm); its tributaries, Forney Creek (mouth of the creek), Deep Creek (approximately 2.35 rm), and the Oconaluftee River below the Ela Dam (also referred to as the Ela Dam) (approximately 0.5 rm), in Swain County, North Carolina; and (3) subadults in the near shore portions of Fontana Reservoir, Swain County, North Carolina.

### Summary of Status Review

In completing our status review, we reviewed all available scientific and commercial information and compiled this information in the SSA Report for the sicklefin redhorse sucker. We identified six major potential stressors related to the sicklefin redhorse sucker and its habitat. The stressors we analyzed were: (1) Hydrologic changes, including inadequate erosion/sediment control during agricultural, timbering, and construction activities; (2) the discharge of organic and inorganic pollutants from industrial, municipal, agricultural, and other sources; (3) habitat alterations associated with channelization and instream dredging/ mining; (4) predation and habitat suitability impacts on sensitive species; (5) fragmentation and isolation of surviving populations; and (6) other natural and anthropogenic factors that adversely modify the aquatic environment. Associated with the status review for this 12-month finding, we conducted an evaluation of the Candidate Conservation Agreement (CCA) for the Sicklefin Redhorse Sucker under the Service Policy for Evaluation of Conservation Efforts When Making Listing Decisions (PECE policy). The PECE policy was published on March 28, 2003 (68 FR 15100), and found that the CCA does meet the PECE policy criteria for certainty of implementation and certainty of effectiveness.

A number of factors likely contributed to the reduction of the species' historical range and may have affected population dynamics within the existing occupied stream reaches. The construction of hydroelectric dams fragmented populations, confining spawning adults only to river reaches accessible through the impoundment. This species is thought to reside during the juvenile stage of its life cycle. The species is also known or presumed to be absent from several reaches of unimpounded river habitat where it was likely extirpated by degradation of the habitat by cold water from hypolimnetic (deepwater that remains perpetually cold) discharges or by intermittent, large discharge pulses of water for hydropower production. The introduction of the flathead catfish (_Alopa gestivalis_) into the habitat occupied by the sicklefin redhorse sucker was also considered a potential threat to future population stability in past candidate assessments.

Upon further review of the information related to the factors
