We evaluated all known potential impacts to the Highlands tiger beetle, including the Act's five threat factors. While these impacts were previously believed to pose imminent or significant threats to the species, and some have caused losses to individuals or habitat, the updated information we received regarding species' occurrence and population dynamics has improved our understanding on how the stressors affect the status of species. In our current evaluation, we have reviewed, evaluated the best available scientific and commercial information, and concluded that the species is resilient to those stressors and that the impacts to the species are not as strong as previously believed. Approximately 434 populations occur across more than 90% of the potential suitable habitat for the species is protected conservation lands. While fragmentation of the Long Leaf pine ridge scrub and sandhill substrate exists, 63 percent of the Highlands tiger beetle populations occur on protected conservation lands, including three of the largest known populations. These lands are managed for the scrub habitat and specifically for the Highlands tiger beetle, through government and private partnership prescribed burn programs, invasive species control, best management practices, and enforcement and protection of the resources. Fragmentation of the habitat was identified as a concern compromising the dispersal capabilities of Highlands tiger beetle populations. However, the new information on the location and distribution of occupied sites and population size indicates that the threat to the dispersal capabilities of the species is not as high as previously reported. New sites have been identified in four populations across the north to south extent of the Lake Wales Ridge as a whole habit of open lands, remnant scrub and sandhill, and patchworks of scrub roadside habitats which may act as corridors or "stepping stones" for Highlands tiger beetle movement and flight, making active dispersal possible or the exchange of individuals between sites feasible for this species. In addition, storm winds, water flow, wing transport, and predators are possible means of stochastic dispersal of individual beetles.

As a result of the new information and analysis, we no longer consider the threats initially identified in our previous 12-month finding for the Highlands tiger beetle as imminent or foreseeable threats for the following reasons: (1) The species is larger in individual numbers and occurs in more

sites across its range than previously documented; (2) the populations occur primarily on protected conservation lands; (3) more than half of the potential suitable habitat for the species consists of protected conservation lands under management, with new conservation land and conservation banks acquired in 2014; (4) the species occurs in 16 areas over 223,876 acres (91,462 hectares) or 353 squares miles (920 square kilometers), and existing and potential suitable habitat exists in the species range; (5) new survey information has identified an increased number of occupied sites and "good" quality habitat for the Highlands tiger beetle; (6) the analysis reveals annual prescribed burning schedules are implemented within the range of the Highlands tiger beetle on governmental and private conservation lands; and (7) the threats identified in the 2015 candidate assessment, including collections, occur at the level of individuals and not to the level of population or species impacts. Overall, current information from the species indicates that it is secure in occupied sites with a large increase in the number of beetles. Most threats are being addressed through the large proportion of the species occurring on protected lands and through the management actions taken by land managers. When an actual impact from threats occurs at the individual, not population or species, level, and when the threats do not act cumulatively, rises to the level that it contributes to making the species meet the definition of "threatened species" or "endangered species."

### Finding

Based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information, with respect to the Act's five threat factors, we find that the current stressors acting on the species and its habitat are not of sufficient imminence, intensity, or magnitude to place the Highlands tiger beetle warrant listing throughout the species' range at this time. Because the distribution of the species is secure in its status across its range and stressors are similar throughout the species' range, we found that the best available information suggests that the Highlands tiger beetle may be in danger of extinction or likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future (threatened) throughout all of its range or any portion of its range. Therefore, we find that listing the Highlands tiger beetle as an endangered or a threatened species is not warranted throughout all or a significant portion of its range at this time, and consequently, we are removing this candidate from candidate status.

As a result of the Service's 2011 multi-species settlement agreement with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service is required to publish a proposed listing rule or a not-warranted 12-month finding to the Federal Register by September 30, 2016 [Endangered Species Act Section 4 Deadline Litigation, No. 10–377 (EGS), MDL Docket No. 2165 (D.D.C. May 2011)]. The agreement included as candidate species in the Service's November 10, 2010, CNOR. This document fulfills the requirements of that settlement agreement for the Highlands tiger beetle, and constitutes the Service's 12-month finding on the petition to list the Highlands tiger beetle as an endangered or threatened species. A detailed discussion of the basis for this finding can be found in the Highlands tiger beetle's species-specific assessment form and other supporting documents (see ADDRESSES).

### Dichanthelium (spicatum) hirstii (Hirst Brothers' Panic Grass)

#### Previous Federal Actions

In 1975, Panicum hirstii (i.e., Dichanthelium hirstii's former scientific name; see Summary of Status Review, below) was 1 of more than 1,000 vascular plants included in a Smithsonian Institution report entitled "Report on Endangered and Threatened Plants of the United States" (Report) that the Service subsequently treated as a petition (40 FR 795; PR 2784; Jan. 1, 1975). The Federal Register notice indicated that P. hirstii and the other plants were under consideration for listing in the notes of endangered or threatened after each species' name solely represented the views of the Smithsonian Institution. The Report indicated that P. hirstii occurred in Georgia and placed it in the endangered category. The Service did not publish a 90-day finding for P. hirstii until 1980.

In 1980, Panicum hirstii was considered a Category 2 candidate species (45 FR 82480; December 15, 1980). Category 2 candidate species were identified as those taxa for which
