# Executives see industrywide investments on the horizon

## FIGURE 3
### By 2030, industrywide investments in virtual health will increase significantly
Industrywide investments in virtual health by 2030

- Same as today: 4%
- Slightly higher than today (1% to 25% more): 22%
- Much higher than today (25% or more): 74%

Note: Total responses = 50.
Source: Deloitte analysis.

Three out of four executives think that in the next decade, industrywide investments in virtual health will be significantly higher than today

The virtual health market in the United States is projected to grow more than 23 percent annually over the next five years, reaching close to US$100 billion by 2025, according to a recent estimate.3

Our surveyed executives predict industrywide investments in the next decade will be significantly higher than today—74 percent anticipate that investments in virtual health will increase by 25 percent or more (figure 3).

Some of our interviewees noted that virtual visits and virtual consults have the potential to offset or ameliorate the shortages or uneven distribution of specialists such as nutritionists, genetic counselors, and palliative care. Other services ripe for significant virtual health migration include:

- **Behavioral health**: In-person office visits for behavioral health will be the exception, and telehealth visits will be the rule, according to many of our interviewees. Executives discussed the potential of tele-behavioral health to treat depression, anxiety, substance abuse, and weight management, to name a few. Having access to behavioral health could help improve the prevention and treatment of chronic conditions. People who struggle with depression, for example, can find it difficult to adhere to treatment regimens or stick to a healthy diet or fitness plan.

- **Oncology**: Patients who receive cancer treatment, along with their caregivers, can spend a lot of time navigating the health care system. Some advanced health systems have already rolled out virtual check-ins to reduce time spent in waiting rooms. For some patients who do not live near a specialist, telehealth in a