# Interview with Vladislav Kreynin.

## How has Sber managed to maintain its leading position in terms of both value and brand strength for so many years?

Over a year ago, we rebranded as Sber. We are constantly improving and developing. Sber is not only the largest bank in Russia and in Central and Eastern Europe today, but we are also the top technology company in Russia and a leader behind the digitalisation of the national economy. While relying on an impressive consumer base of 104 million, Sber is aiming to diversify further into a new demographic of Gen Z users with a new digital services offering. The number of SberBank Online users exceeded 73 million in December 2021.

Sber's ecosystem provides customers with an immense range of digital services for various tasks and in various areas. Clients come to us to open an account, buy shares, insure property, watch movies, listen to music, call a taxi, consult a doctor online, and much, much more. They expect our products to be modern and at the latest trends. It is precisely this that we provide. This is the kind of seamless and convenient customer journey that Sber offers. A time, organic and convenient experience where clients can use services from different companies in one ecosystem.

## Could you tell us more about your achievements in 2021?

In today's world, clients more about need to be able to benefit from several services in one place, in as little time as possible. The quality of the services needs to be excellent. We work relentlessly to create services that are relevant and we try to anticipate our clients' needs so they keep coming back to us, knowing that we can solve their problems. Through investments in logistics operations, Sber subscriptions, the SberSpasibo loyalty program, Sber financial services, voice assistants, seamless authentication using Sber ID, we are creating a unique experience where clients can use services from different companies in one ecosystem.

We strive to put Sber's digital competencies at the service of people and society through the implementation and adoption of high-tech health services. Let me start with SberHealth. The company and its growth have been impressive. Over 14 million clients were provided with telehealth consultation and doctor's appointment services. Approximately 1.5 million telehealth consultation and doctor's appointment orders for medication were provided, and clients made over 11 million promptly delivered orders through the SberEAPTEKA service in 2021. The top 3 AI-assisted clinical decision support systems in Moscow clinics make over 2 million diagnoses. Overall, we have combined over 50 AI-powered medical models to help medical personnel make diagnoses.

We have also seen great progress in food tech. In decisions 2021, SberMarket platform took the lead in the food delivery market, overtaking X5 Retail Group and Vkusvill, with turnover amounting to RUB 14.5 bn, three times higher than in 2020. For the first time in December, Delivery Club carried out more than 10 million transactions in grocery delivery, pickup, and cashless tips left for wait staff. In a single month, users made 9.8 million orders from restaurants and stores, 60% more than the previous year.

I think that this data is evidence enough of the progressive development of our ecosystem services. Another indicator of service relevance is the fact that over 4.25 million clients have subscribed to SberPrime, which provides discounts on our smart products.

On top of that, we launched its own smart speaker that is one-of-a-kind in Russia. We presented Russia's all-new high-performance supercomputer Christofari Neo, which enables you to implement computing speeds to the next level, unlocking cutting-edge opportunities for us to create new products and services. Sber also created ruDALL-E, the world's first neural network capable of creating images based on text descriptions in Russian, which can be used for interior technology.

Brand Finance Global 500 2022

[brandirectory.com/global](https://brandirectory.com/global) 68