## Environmental Research Group

<!-- image -->

## An Interview with Dr. Rick Rediske, Program Manager

Why is it important for WRI to continue to investigate the presence of chemical contaminates in the environment?

organisms. The laboratory is dedicated exclusively to culturing specimens and testing how toxins affect these organisms.

The we do serves two purposes. First, it helps define the nature and the extent of a problem or a potential lem. The best means of protecting our water quality is by preventing problems before continually assess the condition of our environment so we can detect changes that might signal a potential problem. testing they

Second, it provides important information that will help decision-makers identi fy what should happen next. Without adedata, those who are working towards change will have a difficult time developing viable solutions. quate

Has your lab developed any new systems or procedures? testing

laboratory designed to evaluate the toxicity of sediments to aquatic cology

<!-- image -->

You completed an extensive investigation of sediment contamination in the Tannery of White Lake in Muskegon County: and tell us how this investigation will help clean-up efforts? Bay

The results of the project show that there are adverse ecological effects associated with the sediment contamination. In addition, and resuspension of the sediments continues to move the con taminates from Tannery into other parts of White Lake. The identification of these issues has resulted in the Michigan Department of Environmental Quality raising the priority of sediment remediation of Tannery mixing Bay Bay.

You recently developed an Agricultural Water Quality Index (AWQI) to help uate the relationship between farming operations and water quality. Can you explain the purpose of this index and why it s important? eval-

The index was designed specifically for the agricultural community to assist in evaluating potential water quality impacts from farming operations. It builds on established indices that examine instream conditions and incorporates a series of measurements that evaluate land use impacts on water quality.  It also assists producers in evaluating the suc-

In our advanced research laboratories, WRI conducts sophisticated and comprehensive environmental and analyses research This information is the foundation that helps us make decisions about living responsibly within our environment.

The data we are able to extract from thorough testing procedures provides vital input in decisions that affect our choices and our