## PRIMARY RESEARCH

## Open Access

CrossMark

## Mifepristone inhibits non-small cell lung carcinoma cellular escape from DNA damaging cisplatin

<!-- image -->

and Carlos M. Telleria' 4

## Abstract

Background:  Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer deaths in the world. The major histopathological subtype of lung cancer is non-small cell cancer (NSCLC). Platinum-based therapy is the standard of care for patients with of these deaths are due to recurrence: One strategy to inhibit recurrence is to use cytostatic compounds following anti-glucocorticoid; is a powerful cytostatic anti-cancer agent. Thus; in this work we tested the hypothesis that MF should be efficacious in inducing cytostasis and preventi repopulation of NSCLC following cisplatin (CDDP) therapy: ting

sensitivities to CDDP (A549 and H23) were exposed to rounds of lethal concentrations of CDDP for h followed or not by MF monotherapy. Every 2 cell number; cell viability; and colony-forming ability of viable cells were studied.

Results: CDDP killed the majority of cells, yet there were remnant cells escaping CDDP lethality and repopulatthe culture; as evidenced by the improved clonogenic survival of viable cells. In contrast; when cells exposed to CDDP where further treated with MF following CDDP removal; their number and clonogenic capacity were reduced drastically. ing

Conclusion: This study reports that there is repopulation of NSCLC cells following a lethal concentration of CDDP repopulation of NSCLC cells following CDDP therapy: Our study supports further evaluating MF as an adjuvant therapy for NSCLC.

Keywords:  Lung cancer, Mifepristone; Cisplatin; Cell repopulation; Chemotherapy; Clonogenic survival

## Background

Lung cancer is the leading cause of cancer death worldwide [1] The most common histopathological subtype ades there have been advances in early detection and in the development of targeted therapies that improved lung past two

<!-- image -->

BMC

prognosis  following standard   of care with   platinating agents, the overall  survival rates from NSCLC are still very low; the high mortality of this disease is consequence of the presence of metastases at the time of nosis in most patients [3]. Consequently new and combination therapies are desperately needed to improve the outcome of this fatal cancer. diag drugs

Mifepristone (MF) is a well-known synthetic steroid that has been approved to be used as antiprogestin in reproductive   medicine when blockage of progesterone action is needed, and as antiglucocorticoid to prevent However; several studies have shown MF to be useful