Table 4 Low back and scores 24 months after surgery leg pain

Table 5 Complications

| Pain score after surgery                     | Local bone graft   | ICBG      | Statistical analysis   |
|----------------------------------------------|--------------------|-----------|------------------------|
| Low pain                                     |                    |           |                        |
| Visual analog scale (VAS)                    | 1.8 4 0.6          |           |                        |
|                                              |                    | 2.5 4 0.7 | NS                     |
| Oswestry Disability Index (ODI)              |                    | 25 4 4    |                        |
| Leg pain                                     |                    |           |                        |
| Visual analog scale (VAS)                    |                    |           |                        |
| Japanese orthopedic association score (JOAS) |                    |           | NS.                    |

Table 5 shows complications at final follow-up: There was a complication in the local bone group. However; sensory disturbance around the iliac crest in six patients were found in the ICBG group. graft graft pain

|                                 | Local bone graft   | ICBG   | Statistical analysis   |
|---------------------------------|--------------------|--------|------------------------|
| Deep Infection                  |                    |        | NS.                    |
| Hematoma of spinal canal        |                    |        | NS.                    |
| Hematoma of iliac crest         |                    | 0      |                        |
| Sensory loss around iliac crest |                    | 8      | 0.01                   |
| Pain around iliac crest         | 0                  | 6      | 0.025                  |

different between the two groups (P > 0.05). There was no significant difference in VAS score, JOAS, and ODI at final follow-up (24 months) after surgery among bone union in the local bone in the local bone group; bone union in the ICBG group, and bone non-union in the ICBG group (P > 0.05) (Table 4) graft graft

hematoma, wound infection;   reoperation, and chronic severe occurred in 109 of patients [5]. Minor complications   such as dysesthesia and superficial   infection sory   disturbance   around (209) and donor site in six patients (159) were seen in the ICBG group 2 years after surgery . pain pain

## Complications at final follow-up

## Discussion

In the current study , bone union, clinical   results , and complications were examined   after   single-level   posterolateral  fusion surgery a local bone versus an ICBG in a prospective randomized study . Rate and average duration of bone union were not significantly different in local bone and ICBG groups. However; prolonged surgical time and complications  such as donor  site were observed in the ICBG group. using graft pain

Some harconsecutive series of 261 patients; whose bone harvest was conducted by one surgeon, was studied Major   complications such as graft

Clinical results after surgery were not significantly dif ferent between the local bone and ICBG groups in the current   study. However; surgical time was significantly shorter for the local bone group compared with the ICBG group. As seen in the   retrospective   comparison between the was no significant dif ference in overall clinical outcome between the two groups. However; blood loss and hospital stay were significantly less for the local bone group compared with graft graft two graft

Some authors have reported the efficacy of instrumented posterolateral   fusion Or posterolateral fusion [2, 12]. Prospective studies evaluating fusion rate 12]. There has been one report comparing the clinical and radiologic outcome of instrumented posterolateral lumbar fusion local bone versus an autogenous ICBG a Overall fusion rate was group (659), but not significantly different [9] In the current rate using local bone graft and ICBG was consistent with the previous studies. using using using using graft