## A New Capacitorless IT DRAM Cell: Surrounding Gate MOSFET With Vertical Channel (SGVC Cell)

Hoon Jeong,  Ki-Whan Member IEEE, Byung-Gook Park, Member; IEEE Song, Jong

propose 9 surrounding MOSFET with memory operation of the SGVC cell, we simulated its memory simulation and measurement results, the SGVC cell can operate as a IT DRAM having to its vertical channel structure and common source architecture, it can readily be made into a 4F2 cell array. gate

Index Terms Memory effect, IT DRAM cell, sensing margin, surrounding gate, vertical channel.

## 1 INTRODUCTION

0 OVERCOME the scalability issues and process DRAM cell, capacitorless 1-transistor (IT) DRAM cells have been recently proposed   and investigated [1]. The mainstream DRAM cell is floating body transistor cell (FBC) which consists of MOSFET with its body electrically . The FBC is realized by on-insulator (PD-SOI). When excess holes exist in the floating the other hand, when excess holes are swept out of the floating body through forward bias on the body\_drain junction; the cell measuring the drain current difference between '1" and <0' states of the cell, we can sense whether the holes are accumulated in the floating body. Because the floating body is used as the storage node; the FBC has no complicated storage capacitor. Therefore; the FBC has a simple process and can have a cell area below 4F2 . [2], [3] floating

In this work, we propose a surrounding gate MOSFET with vertical channel (SGVC cell) as a IT DRAM cell. Unlike other are on bulk Si substrates. Also, there is no need for the source contact and line due to the common source structure, which makes

of this paper was arranged by Associate Editor T. Hiramoto.

is with the ATD Team, Semiconductor R&D Division; Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. Youngin 449-711, Korea. Song

T.-H.Kim H G Park are with the School of Electrical Engineering; Seoul National University; Seoul 151-742, Korea (e-mail: gbhbt@naver.com). Lee,

ductor R&D Division; Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. Youngin 449-711, Korea\_

- R&D Division; Samsung Electronics Co. Ltd. Youngin 449-711\_ Korea

TABLE I SGVC CELL SIMULATION PARAMETERS

|                                                       | Program (1/0)                                         | Read                                                  |
|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------|
| (Impact Ionization)                                   | (Impact Ionization)                                   | (Impact Ionization)                                   |
| Gate Voltage                                          | 1 V                                                   | 1 V                                                   |
| Drain Voltage                                         | 1V(-1 V)                                              |                                                       |
| Source Voltage                                        | 0 V                                                   | 0 V                                                   |
| L(gate length)=0. um Itox                             | L(gate length)=0. um Itox                             | L(gate length)=0. um Itox                             |
| tsi (Pillar Diameter)= 60 nm                          | tsi (Pillar Diameter)= 60 nm                          | tsi (Pillar Diameter)= 60 nm                          |
| (sourceldrain region doping)=1020  cm (graded doping) | (sourceldrain region doping)=1020  cm (graded doping) | (sourceldrain region doping)=1020  cm (graded doping) |
| (body doping) cm =1018 Nbody                          | (body doping) cm =1018 Nbody                          | (body doping) cm =1018 Nbody                          |
| tprogram =10 ns                                       | tprogram =10 ns                                       | tprogram =10 ns                                       |

structure possible and ultimately leads to superior scala bility . The memory operation has been investigated by simuSGVC cell and the memory effect is measured for the first time. 4F2

## IL SIMULATION RESULTS

1 schematically  shows the  operation principle of an floating body where holes are accumulated for memory effects. To verify memory ATLAS as a simulator. Excess holes are generated by impact ionization in this simulation. Simulated parameters are listed in Table I. The difference in the body potential of each state and the VG characteristics were extracted first, in order to show the accumulation of holes in the body of the SGVC cell. 2 shows comparison of the hole potential between 1 state and reference state (Vgate 0, Vsource = 0, Varain 0). In '1; through impact ionization in the high field region near the drain; excess holes are injected into the body and then the body potential increases. Fig. 3 shows Ia Vg characteristics of the SGVC cell. The drain current   of state is larger than that of "0" state. This is due to the increase body through writing operation; hence lowering the threshold voltage; which in turn increases the drain current. Subsequently; the drain current as a function of time was extracted to show ID Fig.

Color versions of one or more of the figures in this paper are available online