Table 1 coordinates and equilibrium lattice parameters of the ZB,

| Structure   |      a |        |        |           |      |        |
|-------------|--------|--------|--------|-----------|------|--------|
| ZB          | 6.4266 | 6.4266 | 6.4266 | Cd:0.000  | 0    | 0      |
| ZB          | 6.4266 | 6.4266 | 6.4266 |           | 0.25 | 0.25   |
|             | 5.2482 | 5.2482 | 3.1639 | Cd:0.000  | 0    | 0      |
|             | 5.2482 | 5.2482 | 3.1639 | Te:0.000  | 0.5  | 0.75   |
| Imm2        | 5.0492 | 5.2145 | 2.7446 | Cd:0.000  | 0    | 0      |
| Imm2        | 5.0492 | 5.2145 | 2.7446 | Te: 0.000 | 0.5  | 0.8472 |

volume and their energy-volume relations were fit to the third volume curve of the structures is presented in Fig. 2 and as to determine the most stable structure at finite pressure and temperature, the free energy G=Etot +PV-TS should be used Our density functional calculations are basically completed at zero Kelvin temperature   and entropic contributions can be ignored. Therefore; the enthalpy values; H=E+pV, including the pressure-volume effects are determined. This behavior is compatible with a which is also clearly reflected in the enthalpy calculation. phase

Simple comparison of the static lattice enthalpies of ZB state, 14m2 (binary ß-tin) and the Imm2 state determines the The crossing of three  enthalpy curves indicates transition between curves of the ZB, 14m2 and Imm2 phases are plotted as a function of pressure in Fig. As can be seen from the phase have the same enthalpy and intersect with that of ZB our bulk

<!-- image -->

Fig. 2 phases as a function of volume

<!-- image -->

53.2 which is relatively close to the theoretical values 46 GPa and 48.98 GPa [18, 19]. The bulk modulus can vary in a wide range according t0 the methodology of the study. The bulk modulus of the calculated to be 70.7 GPa and the bulk modulus of the Imm2 phase is calculated to be 75.7 GPa. results agree with the experimental and theoretical results. GPa,

## Parinello Rahman simulation

The pressure-volume relation of CdTe obtained through the constant pressure simulation can be seen in Fig. 4As can be seen from the figure; the volume monotonically  decreases with increasing pressure to 15 GPa: When the pressure is increased from 15 to 20 GPa the structural phase transition begins  and volume shows typical for a first order phase transition: The structural analysis out that zinc-blende CdTe converts into a 14m2 (binary ß-tin)   structure This tendency is indeed anticipated when some conditions in simulations   are considered, namely, the use of ideal structure; the size of the simulated structure etc. Consequently; simulated systems have to cross a significant energy barrier to transform from one phase to another: brings

In this study; we are particularly interested in understand control structural transition. Therefore, as a next atomic during the phase transformation by ing phase