<!-- image -->

Gaining staff support is also key to ensuring the tool's continued improvement. Addressing the We are doing more to communicate to users why, in some instances , might not be able to view a record or why it is matched incorrectly (i.e., conflicting information in different case management systems) which is not the fault of One trust/understanding in the system:" they

- Clear feedback mechanism: it is important to the project team that improvements to One View are driven by frontline staff feedback. Jill Gallagher described how this works in practice: "Frontline staff give us some great narratives around what's going on for them and how the needs have changed forthe people they're serving. We are able to take that information and then adapt One View to meet that need:" This may involve going back to the individual services to address data quality issues: "We have in some areas gone back to services to address some data quality issues and improve things from the point of data entry;' 'If staff find information in a case summary they know to be wrong, then we are doing a big push for staff to report it, so we can look at it in the background and amend:"

For example, staff feedback has led to increased frequency of data collection. As described in the challenges section; data is extracted at different frequencies and can be out of date. Debt information used to be extracted monthly; but LBBD have increased the frequency of these extracts to weekly based on staff feedback. "We are speaking to staff to identify the priority datasets and do what we can to increase their frequency and mitigate the impact of 'time' on the data presented; said Katy Brown. Key

- Information governance (IG): for the service delivery team, it's been very reassuring to know that there is robust IG. Gill Wilson describes her confidence in the tool's IG compliance: "One View has got a very very structure to it that embeds the Data Protection Act, the EU's General Data your level. The formal process around the data protection, but also the formal process around good