Our platform basically captures the prescriptive logic that experts apply to all known sales, service and operational decisions and allows it tobe replicated And that means that banks and insurers can take the risk out of the customer conversation so that employees can instead focus on delivering a truly valuable experience

## DM: How that impacted the workforce? has

RF: It has actually been incredibly empowering. The reality is that front-line staff want to be helping customers and want to be delivering a better experience But many of them are so afraid of the risks or so confused by the formulas that fall short of actually helping customers. they

With our solution, no matter what question a customer asks, the employee factors, ask the right questions and then offer the right products or solutions . They don't need to confer with trained specialists because the logic used by those specialists is already embedded in the system. It also means staff can be fraction of traditional training:

## from banks and insurers?

achieve some amazing results. We helped one bank achieve a 52 percent increase in sales closures within the branch with a 20 percent increase in cross sales. We have helped insurers build virtual advisors that have allowed them to target services to small-to-medium enterprises. And we've helped a number of financial

services organizations improve their first We are also now helping turn current Virtual Assistants into Virtual Advisors; powered by our logic.

But | think the greatest feedback we get is from the employees themselves. We've seen performance rates go through the allowed to really focus on their customers And that has made a measurable difference in both customer and employee engagement being

## DM: How does your solution integrate into the omni-channel approach?

RF: We are the platform that enables these omni-channel technologies to deliver a consistent; compliant and needs based experience to customers. Our VA logic can be used to navigate staff through all known customer engagements in line with the latest regulatory; procedural and product rules before handing over to the existing operating systems for

The natural starting point for our platform is often within the contact center helping turn agents into Super Agents who can answer any call receive. From there we very seamlessly integrate into the digital architecture and operating systems of the organization to help them deliver a true omni-channel experience that is consistent, they

Perhaps the best part about the solution is that it is quick to deployit often takes less than 8 weeks to build a powerful digital advisor andis easily scalable And that means rapid and reliable results across the

E:david milligan@matchi.biz David Milligan is the CEO of KPMG Matchi; a leading global fintech innovation and matchmaking platform that connects financial institutions including banks and insurance

<!-- image -->

<!-- image -->

## Ryan Falkenberg

Ryan Falkenberg is the co-founder allows non-coding teams to build a digital 'brain' that both staff and chatbots use to deliver the same consistent, compliant customer experience.

<!-- image -->

David Milligan

- T:+27 6099 77174