choices they face could include where to embrace new business models and offerings, whether to innovate into new product segments, and how to create and sustain advantage in the traditional parts and supply business given the market's changing competitive dynamics. In this section; we offer five potential plays for differ ent of businesses types suppliers have in their portfolios. It is important

ments can make three potential plays: (a) win on cost and scale; (b) find differentiated   niche, and (c) g0 beyond the core of automotive supply into new business models . businesses that today are driven heavily by differ entiating   performance innovation for which cus tomers are willing to pay more face a core choice whether to remain tradi tional suppliers and (d)

## Strategic plays for the future

ture and dynamics under way, suppliers will likely need to consider how well their portfolio of businesses is positioned to address the transition. That could require simultaneously tain of their portfolio; while thinking through investments potentially required to monetize new opportunities in other of their portfolio. parts Key parts

with sustained, rich, consumer-driven innovation opportunities. From each starting point, suppliers can consider whether want to achieve growth in through new business models that potentially take them into new roles in the mobility ecosystem (mov upward on the y-axis). they ing

Supplier businesses in more commoditized seg-

Winning on cost and scale could require a massive footprint in order to serve increasingly global OEM platforms.

to realize that these strategic plays are not mutu ally exclusive, nor are 'sequential strategies:' Suppliers could make these choices simultaneously, and different strategies could apply to parts of their business portfolios. they

Consider figure 3, starting on the x-axis. Supplier businesses in largely commoditized segments, where performance innovation in the future is likely to be minimal, may need to consider different strategic plays than suppliers that operate in businesses

lead performance innovation or (e) trailblaze into new mobility business models centered on differen tiated offerings.

## Win on cost and scale

Some may choose to remain traditional suppliers to the major automotive manufacturers. For many parts and components that face commoditization;