## Enjoy the journey

<!-- image -->

Melissa Wang Consulting Partner

On 3 March 2020, there were 125 newly confirmed cases and 129 newly suspected cases of COVID-19 in Melissa Wang Consulting Partner from Deloitte first business trip since the pandemic began. day her

"While was filling the business travel application form; my colleagues kept asking whether really had to go. had returned to their office half a month ago. had to complete communication and sign-off on performance by the first quarter; and had encountered implementation challenges. As a part of the solution; it made sense for Deloitte to be present and solve these problems alongside the client. However, after considering everyone's safety; the team decided it should minimize travel frequency myself and the project members provided support remotely :" most of the required travel alone throughout March. They key

With many years' experience in Life Sciences & Health Care Consulting; Melissa possessed a better contracting and spreading COVID-19 than many other colleagues. Colleagues' safety was the first that came to Melissa's mind. one before. My first reaction was to ensure everyone's safety;" she explains. "We had to follow the safety guidelines issued by Deloitte; and since had related knowledge and experience from my Life Sciences & Health Care work was able to share research and reports on the epidemic to raise awareness; such as how to effectively prevent the virus and which anti-epidemic materials needed to be prepared:' thing "No

started to think about and plan how to continue projects amid COVID-19. Having agreed to meet clients after Chinese New Year, needed to negotiate with them about whether we should adjust to remote working