THANK YOU!
We waild ke to thank the adlowinglor thei tremendous heb with arsweringour questias, reviewing this book and develbping ad starim media
<table border=1><tr>
<td>Jason Sylvan</td>
<td>Katie hderbitizen</td>
<td></td>
</tr>


<tr>
<td>Rosalyrn Sylvan</td>
<td>Roman Barco</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Stephanie Schroeder</td>
<td>Cally Buchwald</td>
<td></td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Sharon Katz Cooper</td>
<td>Adriemne Hoarfrost</td>
<td>ABOUT THE AUTHOR</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>lise Strong</td>
<td>Ben Jully</td>
<td>Kovin Kurta is the outhor of</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Nicole Kurtz</td>
<td>Donato Giovanneli</td>
<td>then noaficition chidrent’s booki</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Bill Crawlord</td>
<td>Jan Amend</td>
<td>A Doy in the Drep A Day en</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Karen Graber</td>
<td>Rick Colwell</td>
<td>the Mecultain, and A Doy in</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Andy Fisher</td>
<td>Julie Meyer</td>
<td>the Sot Marash as wall as</td>
</tr>
<tr>
<td>Kiana Frank</td>
<td>Julie Mey</td>
<td>Uncovering Eorth’s Secrets,</td>
</tr>
</table>
Alice Feagon. He was onboard the JODES Resolution during a research expedition in which microbiologits Jason Sylvan looked for microbes living in extinct, underwater valkanoes. To learn more obout Kerin's books and school visit progroms, vist hitho// Kevinkurtz. hemestood.com.

ABOUT THE ILIUSTRAIOR
Alice Feogan specializes in traditionoland digtal cut paper ilustration. She has ilustrated picture books, chopler books. children's well art, and products for dients such as Netional Geographic Kids Mogazine, Kids Can Press, and World Book Encyclopedia. She was onboard the JR for a School of Roek ede. cator workshop os the ship truveled from Curocso to Bermuda. To view Alice's portfolio visit htps//oliceleagan.com.