1762
Federal Register/Vol. 84, No. 24/Tuesday, February 5, 2019/Notices
as amended. The grant applications and the discussions could disclose confidential trade secrets or commercial property such as patentable material, and personal information concerning individuals associated with the grant applications, the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.
Name of Commiltee: Cardibvascular and Respiratory Sciences Integrated Review Group, Lung Lnjury, Repair, and Remodeling Study Section.
Date: February 25-26, 2019.
Time: 8:00 a.m. to 5:00 p.m.
Agenda. To review and evaluate grant applications.
Place: Emhassy Suites at the Chevy Chase Pavilion, 4300 Military Road, NW, Washington, DC. 20015.
Contact Person: Ghenima Dirami, Ph.D., Scientific Review Officer, Center far Scientific: Review, National Institutes of Health, 6701 Rockledge Drive, Room 4122, MSC 7814, Bethesda, MD 20892, 240-4987545, diramigecsr.nihg gov:
(Catalogue of Federal Domestic Assistance Program Nos. 93.306, Comparative Medirine: 93.333, Clinical Research, 93.306, 93.333. $93.337,93.393-93.396,93.837-93.844$, 93.846-93.878, 93.892, 93.893, National Institutes of Health, HHS]
Dated: January 30, 2019
Melanie J. Pantoja,
Program Analyst, Office of Federal Advisary Committer Policy.
[FR Dot 3019-01001 Filed 2-4-19: 8.45 am]
Beliwe coDe s140-81-p

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES

National Institutes of Health
Center For Scientific Review; Notice of Closed Meeting

Pursuant to section 10(d) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, notice is hereby given of the following meeting.

The meeting will be closed to the public in accordance with the provisions set forth in sections $552 \mathrm{~b}(\mathrm{c})(4)$ and $552 \mathrm{~b}(\mathrm{c})(6)$. Title 5 U.S.C., as amended. The grant applications and the discussions could disclose confidential trade secrets or commercial property such as patentable material, and personal information concerning individuals associated with the grant applications, the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.
Name of Committee: Molecular, Cellular and Developmental Neuroscience Integrated Review Group, Neural Oxidative Metaholism and Death Study Section.

Date:Fehruary 25-26, 2019.
Time: 8:00 a.m. to 4:00 p.m.

Agenda: To review and evaluate grant applications.

Place: Hotel Zoe Fisherman's Wharf, 425
North Point, San Francisco, CA 94133. Contact Person: Carol Hamelink, Ph_D., Scientific: Review Officer, Center for Scientific Review, National Institutes of Health, 6701 Ruckledge Drive, Room 4192, MSC 7a50, Bethesda, MD 20892, [301) 2139487, hamelincêrsr.nihgov.
(Catalogue of Federal Domestic Assistance Program Nas. 93.306, Comparative Medirine; 93.333, Clinical Research, 93.306, 93.333,
$93.337,93.393-93.396,93.837-93.844$.
93.846-93.878, 93.892, 93.893, National Institutes of Health, HHS].

Dated: January 30, 2019.
Sylvia I. Neal,
Program Analyst, Office of Federal Advisory Committee Policy.
(FR Dac 2019-60971 Fled 2-4-19;8.45 un) BLlive coode 4140-91-P

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES

National Institutes of Health
National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases; Notice of Closed Meeting

Pursuant to section 10(d) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, notice is hereby given of the following meeting.

The meeting will he closed to the public in accordance with the provisions set forth in sections $552 \mathrm{~b}(\mathrm{c})(4)$ and $552 \mathrm{~b}(\mathrm{c})(6)$. Title 5 U.S.C., as amended. The grant applications and the discussions could disclose confidential trade secrets or commercial property such as patentable material, and personal information concerning individuals associated with the grant applications, the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.

Name of Committer: National Institute of Diabetes and Digestive and Kidney Diseases Special Emphasis Panel; NIDDK Program Project (P01 A1).

Date: Fehruary 28, 2019.
Time: 1:00 p.m. to 3:30 p.m.
Agenda: To review and evaluate grant applications.

Place: National Institutes of Health, Two Democracy Plaza, 6707 Democracy Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20892 (Telephone Conference Call).

Contact Person: Jason D. Hoffert, Ph_D., Scientific Review Officer, Review Branch, DEA, NIDDK, National Institutes of Health, Room 7343,6707 Democraty Boulevard, Bethesda, MD 20817, 301-496-9010, hoffertjîniddk.nih.gov.
(Catalogue of Federal Domestic Assistance Program Nas. 93.847 , Diabetes, Endocrinology and Metaholic Research; 93.848, Dagestive Diseases and Nutrition

Research; 93.949. Kidney Diseases, Urology and Hematology Resourch, National Institutes of Health. HHS)

Dated: January 30, 2019
Melanie J. Pantoja,
Program Analyst, Office of Federal Advisory Committee Policy.
[FR Doc 2019-01038 Filed 2-4-19: 6.45 am!
BELING CODE A140-91-P

DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES

National Institutes of Health
National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute; Notice of Meeting

Pursuant to section 10(d) of the Federal Advisory Committee Act, as amended, notice is hereby given of the following meeting.

The meeting will be closed to the public in accordance with the provisions set forth in sections
$552 \mathrm{~b}(\mathrm{c})(4)$ and $552 \mathrm{~b}(\mathrm{c})(\mathrm{6})$. Title 5 U.S.C., as amended. The grant applications and the discussions could disclose confidential trade secrets or commercial property such as patentable material, and personal information concerning individuals associated with the grant applications, the disclosure of which would constitute a clearly unwarranted invasion of personal privacy.

Name of Commiltec: National Heart, Lung. and Blood Institute Special Emphasis Panel, CLTR and R61 Confliet Meeting (UG3 and L24].

Date: March 1, 2019.
Time: 8:30 a.m. to fi:00 p.m.
Agenda: Ta review and evaluate grant applications.

Place: The William F. Bolger Center, 9600 Newhridge Drive, Potomac, MD 20554.

Contact Person: YingYing Li-Smerin, MD, Ph.D., Scientific Review Officer, Office of Scientific Review, National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute, National Institutes of Health, 6701 Rockledge Drive, Room 7184, Bethesda, MD 20992, 301-827-7942, Jismerinü nhlla.nihgov.
(Catalogue of Federal Domestic Assistance Program Nas. 93.233, National Center for Sleep Disorders Research; 93.837 , Heart and Vascular Diseases Researrb; 93.838, Lung Diseases Research; 93.839, Blood Diseases and Resources Research, National Institutes of Health. HHS)

Dated: January 30, 2019.
Ronald J. Livingston, Jr.,
Program Analyst, Office of Federal Advisosy Committee Policy.
(FF Doc 2019-01011 Filed 2-4-19; 8.45 um]
arLING CODE A140-91-P