207,638 tons of free tonnage raisins acquired by handlers from producers throughout the 1998–1999 season, 2000, plus 129,345 tons of 2002–03 carryin NS and Olatee inventory, equates to 389,008 tons of natural condition raisins, or 379,177 tons of raisins, that are available for handlers to free use or primary markets. This is almost identical to the availability of NS raisins shipped during the 2002–03 crop year (305,113 natural condition tons or 280,041 tons of residual NS). All these raisins were included in this computation because, as previously stated, Olatees were combined with the NS varietal type beginning with the 2002–03 crop year. In addition to the 10 plus 10 offers, § 989.67(f) of the order provides additional.Release of the percent raisins to handlers under certain conditions such as a national emergency, crop failure, change in economic or marketing conditions, inadequate carryover, or if free tonnage shipments in the current crop year exceed shipments of a comparable period of the prior crop year. Such reserve raisins may be sold by handlers to any handler. When important, or if additional offers of reserve raisins make even more raisins available to primary markets, which is consistent with USDA’s Guideline. The Committee plans to offer 5,714 tons of 2002–03 NS reserve raisins for sale to handlers for free use pursuant to § 989.67(f). Free tonnage deliveries as of June 19, 2004, were 207,638 tons, which is 3,855 tons below the 211,493-ton trade demand. Offering 5,855 tons of reserve raisins for sale to handlers for free use would allow the industry to make available the full 211,493-ton trade demand. Free tonnage shipments from August 2003 through May 2004 are 1,859 tons greater than free tonnage shipments during the same period last year. Adding the 1,859 tons to the 3,855 tons equates to a total of 5,714 tons of reserve raisins available for handlers for free use under § 989.67(f) of the order. Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis Pursuant to requirements set forth in the Regulatory Flexibility Act (RFA), the Agricultural Marketing Service (AMS) has considered the economic impact of this action on small entities. Accordingly, AMS has prepared this Final Regulatory Flexibility Analysis, which includes an analysis of the potential impacts that this rule may have on small entities. The purpose of the RFA is to fit regulatory actions to the scope of business operations and financial resources in order that small businesses will not be unduly or disproportionately burdened. Marketing orders issued pursuant to the Act, and rules issued thereunder, are unique in that they are brought about through group action of essentially small entities acting on their own behalf. Thus, both statutes have small entities acting independently and competitively. There are approximately 20 handlers of California raisins who are subject to regulation under the order and approximately 4,500 raisin producers in the regulated area. Small agricultural service firms are defined by the Small Business Administration (13 CFR 131.121) as those having annual receipts of less than $5,000,000, and small agricultural producers are defined as those having annual receipts of less than $575,000. Thirteen of the 20 handlers subject to regulation have annual sales estimated to be at least $5,000,000, and the remaining 7 handlers have sales less than $5,000,000. No more than 7 percent of the number of producers of California raisins may be classified as small entities. Since 1949, the California raisin industry has operated under a federal marketing order. The order contains authority to, among other things, limit the portion of a given year’s crop that can be marketed freely in any outlet by raisin handlers. This volume control mechanism is used to stabilize supplies and prices and strengthen market conditions. Pursuant to § 989.54(d) of the order, this continues in effect for the 2003–04 crop season. The volume regulation percentages for 2003–04 NS raisins. The volume regulation percentages are 70 percent free for 30 percent reserve. Free raisin raisins may be sold by handlers to any market. Reserve raisins must be held in pool for the account of the Committee and are disposed of through certain programs authorized under the volume control mechanism. Volume regulation is warranted this season for NS raisins because: acquisitions of 296,625 tons through the week ending June 19, 2004, combined with the carryin inventory of 129,345 tons, results in a total available supply of 425,970 tons, which is about 200 percent higher than the 211,493-ton trade demand. (Olatee inventory was included in this computation because, as previously stated, Olatees were combined with the NS varietal type beginning with the 2003–04 crop year.) The current volume regulation procedures have helped the industry address its marketing problems by keeping supplies in balance with demand and expand its market needs, and strengthening market conditions. The current volume regulation procedures fully supply the domestic and export markets, provide for market expansion, and help reduce the burden of oversupplies in the domestic market. Raisin grapes are a perennial crop, so production in any year is dependent upon the preceding years. The sun-drying method of producing raisins involves considerable risk because of variable weather patterns. Even the production area is made up of a semi-desert climate where the industry are viewed as mature, the industry has experienced considerable change over the years. Before the 1975–76 crop year, more than 50 percent of the raisins were packed and shipped direct to consumers. By 1989–90, over 60 percent of raisins are sold in bulk. This means that raisins are now sold to consumers mostly as an ingredient in commercial products such as cereal and baked goods. In addition, for a few years in the early 1970’s, over 50 percent of California raisin shipments were sold to the wine market for crushing. Since then, the percent of raisin–variety grapes sold to the wine industry has decreased. California’s grapes are classified into three groups—table grapes, wine grapes, and raisin–variety grapes. Raisin–variety grapes are the most versatile of the three types. They can be marketed as fresh grapes, crushed for juice in the wine industry, or used as an ingredient in commercial products, such as cereal and baked goods. In addition, for a few years in the early 1970’s, over 50 percent of California raisin shipments were sold to the wine industry for crushing. Since then, the percent of raisin–variety grapes sold to the wine industry has decreased. The size of the crop for raisin–variety grapes may be known, the amount of raisins dried for raisin crush is the demand for crushing. This makes the marketing of raisins a more difficult task. These supplied crushing and production result in producer price instability and disorderly market conditions. Volume regulation is well suited to the raisin industry because it lessens the impact of such fluctuations and avoids overproduction. For example, producer prices for NS raisins remained fairly steady from the 1993–94 through the 1997–98 seasons, although production varied. This is shown in the table below, during those years, production varied from a low of 272,063 tons in 1996–97 to a high of 307,077 tons in 1993–94, or about 42 percent. According to Committee data, the total producer return per ton during those years, whether it was the result from both free tonnage plus reserve pool raisins, has varied from a low of $984.60 in 1993–94 to a high of $1,038.25 in 1996–97, or 16 percent. Total producer prices for the 1998–99 and 1999–2000 seasons increased significantly due to back-to- back short crops during those years. Producer prices dropped dramatically for the last three seasons due to record-