a continuation of similar levels of impact from the stressors affecting this species. We therefore believe a continued rate of groundwater usage and continued rates of impact from other stressors over the next 30 years would not have a significant effect on the occupied range of the Arkansas darter. Although we expect changes to continue on a range-wide basis, we could see some range contraction in the western Cimarron and upper Rattlesnake Creek basin in Kansas and Oklahoma due to water depletion, as well as small portions of the Colorado range. Additionally, we could see range contraction in the eastern portion of the range (Arkansas, Kansas, Missouri, and Oklahoma) due to development effects. However, this does not expect to see a reduction in redundancy of the species overall (e.g., no loss of entire populations).

Finding

Based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information pertaining to the Act’s five threat factors, we find that the stressors acting on the species and its habitat, either singly or in combination, are not of sufficient intensity, immensity, or magnitude to indicate that the Arkansas darter is currently in danger of extinction (an endangered species), or likely to become extinct in the foreseeable future (a threatened species). In conclusion, we find that this species no longer warrants listing throughout its range.

We evaluated the current range of the Arkansas darter to determine if there is an adequate geographic range of potential threats for the species. Groundwater withdrawals are currently imperiled in the upper, mid, and lower Arkansas River basins in Kansas, Oklahoma, and Colorado, an area that encompasses approximately 25 percent of geographic range of the Arkansas darter. Additional stressors outside of this area are generally low level, localized impacts not affecting the entire populations. The 25 percent of the range affected by groundwater withdrawals would not be expected to increase the vulnerability to extinction of the entire species. If that 25 percent of the range were lost, the species would still have approximately 75 percent of its geographic range in areas that are not expected to be subject to the negative effects of water depletion. Therefore, we determined that there are no significant portions of the species’ range where the Arkansas darter meets the definition of an endangered or a threatened species and that the best available scientific and commercial information indicates this species is no longer in danger of extinction (endangered) or likely to become endangered within the foreseeable future (threatened) throughout all or a significant portion of its range. Arkansas darter populations appear to be resilient to threats identified in previous status assessments; these threats are now believed to have fewer impacts on the Arkansas darter than previously understood; the species is expected to maintain a high level of redundancy and representation into the future; we know of more currently-occupied populations than we have in previous assessments; and while groundwater withdrawals affecting water depletion are expected to continue in approximately 25 percent of the species’ range, we do not expect to see a reduction in redundancy of the species overall (e.g., no loss of Arkansas darter populations). Therefore, we find that listing the Arkansas darter as an endangered or threatened species is not warranted at this time, and consequently we are removing it from candidate status.

As a result of our Service’s 2011 multistate litigation settlement with the Center for Biological Diversity and WildEarth Guardians, the Service is required to submit a proposed listing rule or a not-warranted 12-month finding to the Federal Register by September 30, 2010 (In re: Endangered Species Act Section 4 Deadline Litigation, No. 10-377 (EGS), MDL Docket No. 2165 (D.D.C. May 10, 2011)), for the species that were included as candidate species in the Service’s November 10, 2010, CNOR. This document satisfies the requirements of that agreement and constitutes the Service’s 12-month finding on the May 4, 2010, petition to list the Arkansas darter as an endangered or threatened species. A detailed discussion of the basis for this finding can be found in the Arkansas darter’s species-specific assessment form, SSA Report, and other supporting documents (see ADDRESSES, below).

Black Mudpala (Elminia melanoides)

Previous Federal Actions

The Service first identified black mudpala as a candidate for listing in the September 12, 2006, CNOR and assigned an LPN of 2 based on imminent, high-magnitude threats (71 FR 53756). In the December 6, 2007, CNOR, we concluded that the threats were at the time moderate in magnitude and changed the LPN to B (72 FR 60034). We also received petitions in all subsequent CNORs (see December 10, 2008 (73 FR 75176), November 9, 2009 (74 FR 57804), November 10, 2010 (75 FR 66922), October 26, 2011 (76 FR 66370), November 21, 2012 (77 FR 69994), November 22, 2013 (78 FR 79104), December 5, 2014 (80 FR 72450), and December 24, 2015 (80 FR 80584)). On April 20, 2010, we received a petition from the Center for Biological Diversity requesting that the Service list 404 species, including black mudpala, as endangered or threatened. No new information regarding black mudpala was presented in the petition, and on September 20, 2010, we published a 90-day finding (76 FR 59836).

Background

The species formerly described as the black mudpala is a small species of aquatic snail growing to 13 millimeters (mm) (0.5 inches (in)) in length and belongs to the aquatic snail family of Pleuroceridae. The species formerly described as the black mudpala was found clinging to clean gravel, cobble, boulders, and/or in flowing water in shallow streams and small rivers in the Locust Fork drainage in Jefferson and Blount Counties, Alabama.

Summary of Status Review

The following summary is based on our review of the best available scientific and commercial information. No new information was provided in the petition we received on April 20, 2010. The species was described from “rivers in North Alabama” by T.A. Conrad as Anaculostoma melanoides, but he did not provide a description of the locality. For the second half of the 20th century, the black mudpala was considered to be extinct. However, in 2003, Dr. Russell Minton published a paper on the apparent rediscovery of the species, with a re-description of what he believed was Calyptotheca melanoides. He designated an individual from the upper Black Warrior Basin as the holotype—a biological specimen that is selected as the type specimen when the holotype (a single specimen chosen for designation of a new species), lectotype (a specimen chosen from a syntype to designate types of species), or any syntype (an any one of a series of specimens used to designate types) when the holotype has not been selected) have been lost or destroyed—and restricted the type locality to one site on the Little Warrior River in Blount County, Alabama; however, the neotype is currently unavailable for study.