COMMISSION ON CIVIL RIGHTS
Agenda and Notice of Public Meeting of the Oregon Advisory Committee

Notice is hereby given, pursuant to the provisions of the rules and regulations of the U.S. Commission on Civil Rights (Commission) and the Federal Advisory Committee Act (FACA) that the Oregon Advisory Committee (Committee) will meet on Thursday, August 22, 2013. The meeting will convene at 2:00 p.m. and adjourn at approximately 4:00 p.m. The meeting will be held at the Hillsdale Library, 1525 SW Sunset Boulevard, Portland, OR 97239. The purpose of the meeting is for the Committee to plan future activities.

The meeting is open to the public, and members of the public are entitled to submit written comments. Written comments may be mailed to the Western Regional Office, U.S. Commission on Civil Rights, 300 N Los Angeles St., Suite 300, Los Angeles, CA 90012. They may also be faxed to the Commission at (213) 894–5070 or emailed to the Commission at atmain@usccr.gov. Submitted comments must be received by September 30, 2013.

Hearing-impaired persons who will attend the meeting and require the services of a sign language interpreter should contact the Western Regional Office at least ten (10) working days before the scheduled date of the meeting.

Records generated from this meeting may be inspected and copied at the Western Regional Office, as they become available, both before and after the meeting. Persons interested in the work of this Committee are directed to the Commission’s Web site, http://www.usccr.gov, or may contact the

Western Regional Office at the above email or street address.

This meeting will be conducted pursuant to the rules and regulations of the Commission and FACA.

Dated in Chicago, IL, July 31, 2013.

David Mussatt,
Acting Chief, Regional Programs Coordination Unit.

(Received: 2013-08-03 Filed: 2013-08-05; 8:45 AM)

BILLING CODE 3635-01-P

DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE
Submission for OMB Review; Comment Request

The Department of Commerce will submit to the Office of Management and Budget (OMB) for clearance the following proposal for collection of information under the provisions of the Paperwork Reduction Act (44 U.S.C. Chapter 35).

Title: Alaska American Fisheries Act (AAFA) OMB Control Number: 0648–0393.

Form Number(s): NA.

Type of Request: Regular submission (revision and extension of a current information collection).

Number of Respondents: 27.

Average Hours per Response: Application for AAFA Permit for Replacement Vessel, 30 minutes; Application for AAFA Cooperative Permit, 2 hours; Vessel Contract Fishing Notification, 4 hours; Application to be an Entity Eligible to Participate in a Transferable Chincoteague Chinook Salmon Prohibited Species Quota (PSC) Allocation, 8 hours; Application to Transfer Bering Sea Chinook Salmon PSC Allocation, 15 minutes.

Burden Hours: 112.

Notice and Uses: This request is for revision and extension of a currently approved information collection. In response to the American Fisheries Act (AAFA), NMFS developed a management program for Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area (BSAI) pollock to include a set of permanent permits for AAFA catcher-processors, AAFA catcher vessels, AAFA inshore processors, and AAFA motherships. All vessels and processors participating in the non-Community Development Quota (CDQ) BSAI pollock fishery are required to have valid AAFA permits on board the vessel or on site at the processing plant.

With the exceptions of the inshore vessel cooperatives, replacement vessel, and inshore vessel contract fishing applications, the AAFA permit program had a one-time application deadline of December 1, 2000. All permitted participants in the AAFA pollock fishery are already established and are issued with an indefinite expiration date.

In a previous revision to this collection, a PSC limit of Chincoteague salmon was established for the pollock industry participants in an industry-developed contractual arrangement, called an incentive plan agreement (IPA) that establishes an incentive program to minimize bycatch at all levels of Chincoteague salmon abundance. NMFS issues transferable Chincoteague salmon PSC allocations to eligible entities representing the catcher/processor sector, the mothership sector, inshore cooperatives, and CDQ groups.

Transferable allocations provide the pollock fleet the flexibility to maximize the harvest of pollock while maintaining Chincoteague salmon bycatch or below the PSC limit.

Revision: The notary signature requirements have been removed from the Application for Replacement Vessel and the Application for Inshore Catcher Vessel Cooperative Permit.

Affected Public: Business or other for-profit organizations.

Frequency: Annually and on occasion.

Respondent’s Obligation: Required to obtain or retain benefits.

OMB Desk Officer: OIHO_Submission@omb.eop.gov.

Copies of the above information collection proposal can be obtained by calling or writing Jennifer Jessup, Departmental Paperwork Clearance Officer, (202) 482–0336, Department of Commerce, Room 6016, 14th and Constitution Avenue NW., Washington, DC 20230 (or via the Internet at Jessup@doc.gov).

Written comments and recommendations for the proposed information collection must be sent within 30 days of publication of this notice to OIHO_Submission@omb.eop.gov.