(1) **when** and **while** are both used to indicate "when...". When used to modify a verb, it can refer to the concept of a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. While is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.

(2) **while** is used to modify a verb, it can refer to a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. While is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.

(3) **Mr. Green waited until his children came back.**

(4) **Mr. Green didn’t go to bed until his children came back.**

(5) If you don’t go soon you’ll be late; Unless you go soon, you’ll be late.

(6) **until** is used to modify a verb, it can refer to a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. While is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.

(7) **because** is used to modify a verb, it can refer to a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. While is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.

(8) **although** and **though** are both used to indicate "even if...". Although is used to modify a verb, it can refer to a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. Though is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.

(9) **so that** and **in order that** are both used to indicate "in order that...". So that is used to modify a verb, it can refer to a very short duration of time; when used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time. In order that is often used to modify a verb, it can refer to a more extended period of time.

The teacher spoke slowly, so that in order that we could hear him clearly.